There should be only 3 Parks face up available.
4) Can I choose the park reservation function as the last Hiker at the end of the season if I do not have a boring amount of resources? Or even if I have resources, can I not buy a reserved park?
Correct
Hi Folks,

We played a bunch today. At the beginning, one player indicated that when visiting a park, any two tokens from one's personal supply can be exchanged for one other non-wildlife token from the general supply, and this newly acquired token can then be used to pay for that park visit.

I looked through the rulebook later but couldn't find this rule.

I think how we played was a house rule (likely inspired from Wingspan - it's all a blur!) and not an official rule but wanted to confirm in case I'm just constantly missing it in the rulebook!

Thanks!
Wow, I would never think to read it that way. Every worker-placement game that I've ever played with a space to claim the first player token resets between rounds.
From the rule book: "If an event moves a Hiker to a Site, you do not get its action." What if there are tokens on the Site? Do you get them? It you do, it would not be taking the site's action.
Thanks.
Thanks for the clarification!
I just can't help houseruling a game

As Justin Jacobson who re-did Fireball Island said "It's your game." I think that wasn't so much a cop out for their rules not being written well because he answers almost every question. It was because there were too many situations that can't all be accounted for. But that's a game with marbles on a giant plastic island.

I've changed BANG! the dice game and Deadwood 1876 also a dice and card game into completely different solo games in fact. There's others. Dice games are relatively easy to change.

But in Parks solo mode I was hating park rangers for a while until I got used to them making sure I had a hard time on their trail lol
I need a clarification for this common question, please.

In the rulebook it says:
page 3
You must be able to take a Site's action in order to visit it.

page 8
"CAN I VISIT A SITE WITHOUT TAKING ITS ACTION?
No. To visit a Site, you must be able to take its
action. For example, if you don’t have two tokens to
exchange, then you cannot visit the Lodge."

Can I visit a site and decide not to do the action, even when I am able to do it? The second sentence confuses me more than helps, because if you must take the action, naturally you have to be able to take it to go there.
Also, if you can't visit a site without taking the action, why not write it directly in the main rules at page 3? Like this, I would think that I can go there but then abstain to take the action, even when I am able to.

Edit: Follow-up question: I can use weather tokens for the action. Is it allowed to visit a site whose action I am only able to use with the weather token? Because when I am deciding to visit the site, I am not able to take the action and the rules say that I have to be able to take it to visit the site.
I played my first solo game today and had this exact question. I reasoned that my hiker at trail end had completed their hike and was no longer "on the trail", but your reasoning also makes sense... I take it no one has found further clarification?
Thanks, Dan! It is also in the current rulebook.
What does the lightning symbol on the water bottle gear mean? Can't find any answer online or in the rule book.
No, that is not allowed. The Park would have to have water resource requirement to use the blue compass. You aren’t transforming trees into water. You are using water to pay the tree resource requirement of the Park.
An interesting prospect! I might try it out.
Thx.
If the rules don't tell you it automatically rotates, it doesn't automatically rotate. You're accustomed to other games that tell you this is the case, but they tell you because you wouldn't know it does if it didn't. Now we've reached a point where people assume it does unless told otherwise. What an interesting conundrum.
Can you use campfire on the trail end, for example can you extinguish your camp fire to copy another hiker that's at trail end. If an opponent hiker is at the Parks section can you also visit the parks using the campfire?

Can you copy your own hiker at the end using the TENT gear?
The reason for this is because on the TENT card, it shows the icon of the sites you can copy.
This icon is also on the trail end.

The game manual specifically says the trail start is not a trail site. But it mentions nothing about the trail end but being a trail site.

Also if you can copy the trail end locations, can you do any one the three options or so you have to copy the option chosen by the other hiker?

Lastly can you copy the option that can not take any more hikers on it. For example if there is two hikers on reserve a park card, can you copy that option as that is now full?
I'm actually the other way, it's fine if the tile drops right at the start but it coming out at random times makes the game less predictable, forcing you to think and adapt when it finally does come out in a later season.

To each their own, obviously ^_^
Never mind, I found the answers. Haha
1. Don't discard water in a canteen until the end of each season.

2. I would play it as yes the Ranger takes the weather token and places it on the new Ranger Tracker card because they landed on the Trail tile that provides them with a weather token. Also don't forget per the rulebook "Any other tokens on the Tracker should remain." meaning if you had 1-2 water on the previous card you place them onto the new Event card. Sidenote per the rules effecting your Hikers "Event Notes: The Ranger that is moving is the Active Ranger. If an Event moves a Hiker to a Site, you do not also get its action." You probably know that but just in case anyone else reads this in the future. Those are tricky if you forget. You have to get used to the solo rules imho but once you do they work really well.

3. I could ee an argument for either way. I'm not sure how I'd play it. A Keymaster Games representative has posted here in the past when the game was new. I'd suggest what I did in the past when I was confused how the Solo rules worked is to email them. I got a response form that rep and later the designer https://keymastergames.com/pages/contact
And what about the second hiker? Should I activate a campfire again when he ends his trail (to have a campfire active when the next season starts)?
The card states
“Move your Back Hiker to your Front Hiker”

In theory since they are on the same Trail that would trigger the camp fire extinguishing. I know I don’t get the Trail action but wanted to check on the campfire.

Thoughts?
if you
This is a game-breaking problem for us at 2p... It makes the best strategy to go as slow as possible, one space at a time. It's not fun at that point... Love to hear I'm missing something...
Sure! Only the first one there gets to grab the first player token though.
Question - in solo do I still get the option to buy a picture at the end of the season for one token when I have the camera?
Yes, you can use gear! And you’re correct about how rangers get tokens. And you keep your canteens after you remove water from them.

Enjoy the game! The solo mode is really fun.
Great. Thank you.
This happened to me. I removed the 3 sun tokens and then placed it on the tracker so the new event started at 1.
Thank you for your prompt answer!
The official explanation of this tile in the rulebook is "Turn in any token to gain any token. You may immediately do this a second time." Technically speaking, because of the immediately phrasing, you would have to fully complete that action before being able to us the canteen. So if you're going 100% by the book, then the answer would be no, you can't do that.

But, if your group wants to allow it, then by all means you can! Just make sure everyone at the table is okay with it.
Hello ,

These questions concerns the Solo Mode.

If I have the camera and the number of requested resources, am I authorized to take more than 1 picture at the end of a season or just 1 and no more ?
Am I authorized to "Parks" more than 1 time on the dedicated action tile and at the end of season's tile or just 1 time on each ?

I've readen and readen again the official rulebook (1.1) and I didn't notice something about that.

Can you help me ?
Really? Okaaaaay. We're new to this game... Sounds like we're playing it not well enough We sometimes have 1-2 tokens left at the end of the season.
We explain it to new players in the following way:
* It costs you one token to take the camera from another player. You must take a picture immediately.
* If you have the camera you may take a picture when you have a hiker on the Vista Basic Site Tile, at the end of each year, and (providing you have a Gear Wide Angle Lens card) at the Basic Site Tile specified by your Gear card.
* it costs 1 token to take each picture.
Steve
It works for Parks that have sun and/or water in their cost. You can discount that cost by 1 sun and/or 1 water.
First: How many times can you use a canteen in a season? Is it once per season or can you reuse it every time you get a water token and spend it on the canteen?
If you use the River tile to copy Vista tile to take a picture can you take the camera?
Ah, I see, thank you! We totally missed the line “to the right” in the rule book ... I feel like the rule book could be clearer at emphasizing things like this.
hi there,
What does the bottom half of this card mean please?
This might be a stupid question, but some season cards say "Add resource x to parks". Does that mean:
a) a resource token is placed on the available parks which you get when you visit it
b)resource x is added to the costs of visiting the park

I suppose it is b), but I am not absolutely sure.
Thoughts?
Yes, I did get them confused. The way the OP was asking his question, I assumed he was talking about a Season (as you could conceivably visit 12 or more parks during a game). But I misread his question. Thanks for point it out. I will delete my earlier post, to avoid confusion.
The Season of Rain card says put water on the three current parks, but there are four parks always. I'm confused. Since nobody else has asked this obvious question, maybe I'm doing something wrong. Aren't there four parks?
Look at the solo rules again in the rulebook. It's all there.
According to the rulebook, if the supply is out of photo tokens, then you wouldn't be able to take the Photos/Camera action at the Vista site. As such, I would also rule it - at my table - that the camera holder can't take a photo at the end of the round.

From the FAQ in the rear of the rulebook:

"WHAT HAPPENS IF WE RUN OUT OF TOKENS? If
there is no longer a type of token in the supply, then
the Site the token is linked to cannot be visited as its
action cannot be taken."
There was a sad moment in the final season where my wife plopped her hiker on the tile just before the trail end and it dawned on her that there was absolutely no reason to be in a rush with her other hiker.

As for your comments about other points of tension, my impression is ultimately they are not enough. The more parks you visit, the more points you gain, so naturally you need more resources. There is very little incentive to skip ahead much and in fact the better strategy is probably to try and lag behind.
My understanding is that I only take one action if both Rangers make it to the end before I do but, if my hikers make it there then I may take 2 actions?
3 Points would be the correct way...

However, the year cards aren't really worth the effort of playing the suggested way, so our group says 5 points as a variant. For Example: If you visit 4 parks with Sun, you get 2 points, but if you can get 3 more parks with sun, you get 3 (more) points for a total of 5 points.

Without this variant, year cards are usually ignored in my group, but with this variant, they become worth the effort.
In solo play, do you remove the weather tokens from the ranger tracker at
the end of each season and start with a "clean slate" for the next season?
Or do they carry over into the next season?
Hey, I am preparing a tutorial video for this cool game and need some help with claryfing a few rules:
1) If I have a couple items which state "when visiting an area with a single mountain, instead of taking the moubtain token you may take 3 suns / wild token." if I visit this area do I get both effect or I have to pick which one triggers?
Maybe I missed it . . .

I know you can't visit a site without being able to complete the action, but can I go to 'buy gear' to collect the sun token even if I can't/don't want to buy any gear cards?
Another question regarding year end scoring
What does it mean when it says 6 suns on visited parks and take 3
What good are the three tokens when the game is over?
Am I missing something?
That is correct. An important distinction between resources that are on Parks from season effects versus benefits gained as a result of instant actions AFTER visiting that Park.
I don't believe so. My understanding is that the season effect would take place first before you substiute the resource type.
So lets say i have already 12 ressources token, i cant save my full canteen for later? I really need to spend the water right away to get its bonus?

They shoud have added some end game
Bonuses for player who has full canteen at the end of the game
I also stack the gear but I had the same question.
For me, what confirmed the stack thing, was the rule of shuffle back every 3 sun cost gear.
It doesn't matter if your front Hiker is on the Trail End or not, so you don't have to wonder if the Trail End is part of the trail or not (a different question). The fact is that your front hiker is ahead of both Rangers. Period. Or you can say it differently - that both Rangers are behind your front Hiker, which is indeed the case.

So if your front Hiker has reached the Trail End and the two Rangers are ahead of your 2nd Hiker, you will move the Front Ranger. When moving the Rangers, the rulebook has us consider the location of only the front Hiker.
Booo, . We played it both ways and we could do much more with it. It also seemed way to tough to achieve your private objective when we played it the way you're suggesting. I had the one that said get 6 or 8 parks with forests. I only got 5 total parks.

We couldn't find anywhere in the rulebook.
I’m playing the Nightfall expansion. I understand that I can’t move to a space unless I can take that action. What if I want to move to the campsite space that requires “move all Water from your Canteens to your Supply, the gain a Water”, but I haven’t filled any of my canteens? Does this mean I can’t move to the campsite?
Which other decks are returned to the box? I think only unused tiles are returned.
I agree with this excerpt completely. Except I don't agree that they reached that line with this rule. All they would've had to do is add, "You can't choose more than one Park when taking this action" to the end of this sentence:

"To Visit a Park, choose one of three available on the board or one you have reserved."

Then it'd be (more) clear with minimal additional wording.
There's a link to the rules in one of the updates on the kickstarter page.

Edit: Found it.
Update #14: Packing Things Up at Panda https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/keymastergames/parks-th...
Hello in the solo mode,for the mouvement of the rangers, the trail end is a part of the trail and counts for the hiker ahead a ranger ? The hiker on the trail end counts for the mouvement of the rangers ?
"Staying behind the pack" is a viable strategy, but it has some negatives as well: other players get the seasonal sun/water tokens before you can, they occupy places on the trail end (potentially blocking you out of things you want), and if the folks at the front speed up you will find yourself rushed right to the end.

Another important strategy is to make sure that the players don't allow a single "slow player" to have both hikers on the path after everybody has reached the end.

The game has got a lot of timing considerations..."do I speed up or slow down?" is one of the biggest (and most fun!)
I assume you play 2 players a bunch? This is hardly an issue in game with 3 or more players from my experience.
You can choose any of your hikers to move on each turn.
Thanks...
To add a reference to the above answer, page 4 shows you that a brown box means "any token", and the number inside the box specifies how many.
Huh. I suppose I don't have a terribly explicit rules reference, but I definitely interpret it differently from the seeming consensus. To break the core gameplay loop of using one hiker to visit one space = one turn is the thing that would require an explicit mention, for me, since doing a double action / site visit isn't a concept that exists anywhere else in the game.

Yes, the rules say you must always move a hiker forward, but this is the rule that the tent is providing an exception to. The tent isn't saying that in addition to this rule you get to do something else; it's just providing a way to stay at a given spot on the trail longer, if you will.
I play it that way.
If you run out of resources and you have no options to buy gear or visit a park, you are really required to do an action even if it is free like reserving a park....
yes
I second this!

Also, another commonly overlooked rule:

You DO NOT replace a park once a ranger takes it away! Only replenish by normal rules (you, the player, visits/reserves one and/or at the end of the season)
You only get one wild instead of the normal resources of the location. Sun and Water are more readily available than trees and mountains. Giving up 2 of those for a wild compared to 1 tree or mountain for a wild seems reasonable.
I wanted to address this in a spearate thread. If for no other reason so players can be aware of this major rules change. This can be a game changer imho So I wondered why this was changed? I have assumptions but I'd like the publisher's Jennifer Graham-Macht (jgrahammacht) to answer that. I've yet to implement the v1.1 rules or buy the new edition to see how it affects the games. My comments are in [brackets]

The v1 rules:
WILDLIFE - They can be used in place of any other token to visit Parks or take Photos. Wildlife cannot be used in Canteens or toward buying Gear.

The new v1.1 rules
WILDLIFE - They can be used in place of any other token to visit Parks, take Photos, buy Gear, and visit the River [that's the Advanced Tie tile where you 'Turn in a Water token to copy the action from another Site occupied by a Hiker' it shows a Water -> Hiker icons and Grand Canyon art].

Wildlife cannot be used to fill a Canteen or traded in / gained as part of the '1 <-> 1 x2' Site or Canteen [the Canteen card that shows the blue Isle Royal Park art] [Those rulebook icons mean "Turn in one token and gain any one token (EXCLUDING WILDLIFE). You may do this a second time." The Advanced Site Tile is called The Lodge showing Capital Reef Park art]


Reference Files (always helps. I'm the only one who does this btw)

PARKS EN Rulebook v1
https://www.boardgamegeek.com/filepage/188054/rulebook-engli...

PARKS EN Rulebook v1.1
https://www.boardgamegeek.com/filepage/205978/parks-en-ruleb...
Hi guys. I did play PARKS and Nightfall expansion around the 4-5th time today and i still have some uncertainties that you guys maybe can answer. And to mention it, i did read both manuals but not all cases are 100% sure for me and i just wanna double check with you guys.

- Is it allowed to buy more then one gear card with 1 hiker? The manual says "Select one of the three available Gear cards on the board and turn in Sunshine equal to its cost."
Can i select another card after the first i bought?
- Is it allowed to "pay" on advanded trail site or even on campsites with a wildlife token? For example can i pay on the river with a wildlife token instead of water? Or can i spent 1 wildlife token to get 5 Sun or 5 Water on a campsite?
- Ok this one is not easy to describe. Lets say i want to visit a park that needs 3 trees and 3 mountains and i have rain gear (use water instead of trees) and additional i have the blue compass (PARK visit costs 2 water less). Can i transform the 3 trees into water and then i pay 2 water less. That would mean that have to pay 1 tree or 1 water and 3 mountains in the end. Is this correct and allowed?

Thanks for reading this
No limit of hikers per tile. as long as you have a campfire to extinguish. Technically you could have 5 in a 5 player game. That most likely wouldn't happen.
Hi Everyone,

I had my first game today with the rulebook on my side but I have a question about campfires:

the rulebook states: A player's campfire will relight when one of their hikers reaches trail end

Does it mean I could use twice the Campfire in a season and then I have it in the following season?

f.i. I use my campfire, then my first hiker reaches the end so I relight it. So I can still use this for my second hikers and once he achieves the end as well, I can relight once again. Am I right?

thanks
The manual specifies that the weather token is a bonus for the first hiker to arrive and take an action. If you're not taking the action then I'd say no, no weather token either. If you are, then yes.

Specific verbiage (emphasis mine): "If a hiker is is the first to land on a Site with a token from the Weather Pattern, they take it into their supply as a bonus along with taking the Site's action. Note: you must be able to take a Site's action to visit it."
That's one reading, but also if their only concern is to make clear that you can't *get* Wildlife this way they might write the exact same thing. Unless you saw something I didn't.

Oh, here's another way it could matter: you really only want to trade 1 Water for 1 Forest. But you have a Wildlife you plan to use as Mountain, so you trade Water+Wildlife for Forest+Mountain. This is much more imaginable as a real-world situation so now I have a stronger need for this rule to be clarified.
Thank you A Seqoyah for this detailed answer ! It certainly enhances my understanding of those game mechanics !!!
atvas
Do I get my action at immediately when my hiker reaches the end?

Or do the actions occur one by one when everyone reaches the end by order of arrival and action type?
In 20 solo games using the rulebook vs. rangers virtual opponents. keeping in mind who are meant to get in your way and take weather pattern tokens to affect movement or remove resources, replace gear, remove parks cards from the board, take the first player marker and the camera so you have to adjust your strategy looking ahead to their ranger tracker affects all add to the challenge in a little bit different way a multiplayer game, but still gives you a feel for what to expect, I average this:

6 park cards (4 lo count 7 hi); in multiplayer videos I've seen 10 but note 4 VP parks is what I go for and cost more resources therefore you visit less parks e.g. (2) 2 VP parks cards = (1) 4VP parks card
primarily 4 VP parks (3 cards on avg)
2 photos (0 lo 8 hi)
1st player marker (18 of 20 games )
year bonus (8 of 20 games; 3 pt once)
Total score avg 25pts (19-32)

3 canteens (0-5; 19 of 20 games)
7 gear (0-2; 2 once 7 of 20 games)
3 wildlife (17 of 20;
Solo scoring level 2 (1-4; 1 twice 4 once)

You often can't have both hikers end up in the visit a parks spaces. they need to get resources on others either directly from trail actions or buying gear cards (not too many) and getting canteens to generate more resources.

Water and sunshine are in abundance, forest and mountains are not. wildlife can help a lot to visit parks or take photos but they can't be sued to fill a canteen or buy gear.

If you want to make it more satisfying for a few games then use the Lookout tile in the first season. It will be there for all four. imho it's the most powerful special tile. The River copying another tile being strong also. The Lookout in the first season no debate and river debatably the last since there's more tiles to copy. The point being your game will be different as to when those two special tiles come out in my experience.

The game will play differently at different player counts. Note the solo mode feels quite different and can be frustrating until you get used to the strategy imposed by the challenges the rangers add to the game.

A long shot way of gaining a canteen is buying the 2 sunshine water bottle gear card which gives you an immediate canteen drawn from the deck. The meaning of the icon on the card is in the rulebook demonstrating an immediate action it uses the water bottle as the example, and with the season of wind one sun discount it will only cost one sunshine to buy it. A minor note is the gear's color matches the resource it affects e.g. green for forest
I’m new to this game and picked this up to play 2 players with my wife. I recently watched some playthroughs on YT. I’ve seen instances where a player has reserved a Park Card on their turn but they are not on the Trail end tile. They simply said I’m reserving this park and grabbed it to put sideways in front of them. Is this allowed, or are they playing it wrong? I see no mention of reserving in the rules except at the trail end spot when you get there (unless I missed something).
Yea, I felt bad for winning using this because of how powerful it was.
Ahh yes, thank you for that!
But it seemed like the only time that you have the option to visit is at the end of the season, but with 4 seasons in a year, in order to achieve these it seems like you'd need more opportunities to visit. Is there a time to visit other than end of year.
Thanks everyone for your responses!
It could do (but rarely); you might not want to reveal a new Park that might be more advantageous to you opponent(s) than yourself. When playing, I find this another subtle factor to consider when deciding when to visit a Park.

Have fun,
Steve
My next turn is in the Same Season. Water is from the Last turn in the canteen. Can i use the canteen Action ?
From Keymaster games on Kickstarter:

Rangers should always take and complete their full movement. Then put any resource token collected from the trail on the event card and check if you've triggered an event. If an event is triggered it is then resolves. If the event cannot be resolved because of board state, then the event is resolved without further action being taken. Regardless, if an event if triggered the event card should be cleared of the tokens used to trigger it and a new event card drawn. A ranger should not start their movement with either resource track on their event card full.

Great question about the Season of Rain! Yes, the ranger does gain water from the park cards.
Hmm... are you sure about this? When the Rangers take the First player token, they put it in their area. Why wouldn't they do something similar for the camera if the intent is to get it back? I guess the wording around getting it back to the supply is what has me confused...
The rules state clearly that when entering the Trail End, you MUST place your hiker at the rightmost space of the action you plan to take:

"...placing it vertically in the farthest right available slot of that area"

So I am very confused about how the rulebook explains the Reserve a Park spot in solo games. It states that if a Single Sunshine Gear card causes a Ranger to land on the Trail End, then the ranger moves to the First Player Token spot, but if that spot is already taken, it moves to the Reserve a Park spot instead, blocking it from being used until next season.

But, because the rules state that you must always enter the rightmost available spot on an Area of the Trail End, then the ONLY way you could have a hiker in the First Player Token spot would be to have a hiker already placed in the Reserve a Park spot, meaning the Ranger can't be moved to EITHER spot, technically, because they both have already been taken.

Am I misinterpreting the rulebook here?
I played yesterday and the gear tile came on the third round, visit parks came on the fourth round. I didn't bother with my Year card, cos it was to visit 6 or 8 2-3 point cards for 2 or 3 points respectively. But the max I could have gotten is 9 parks, assuming I did the Visit Parks with every ranger at every possibility, and all but one of them would have to be a 2-3 point park to just get and extra 2-3 points, so instead I focused on gathering resources and got some 4-5 point parks which was more points than the year card. Ended with 27 points, which isn't too shabby given the circumstances.
Season of Chance allows you to blindly visit the top (face down) park of the deck for one each of the four basic resources (sun, water, tree, mountain). However, we were unsure if journals could still provide a discount for this. At the time I had journals for all four of those resources, so theoretically I could have just bought park after park for free that round (I also had a park pass). We collectively decided NOT to apply journals to this weather effect, but I was curious what other people did in this scenario.
Thanks! I just discovered those existed and was checking back to maybe move this question to Parks. Answers much faster than I'd expected!
^ That's a good assessment of why you'd want to trade in for the same type.
Do you mean the "Photographer" card that is in the "Nightfall" expansion? If so, all the cards are explained on page 4 of the rulebook. In this case: "1 point for every 4 photos you have taken." So yes, 8 picture tokens = 2 points.

PARKS isn't a high-scoring game, so 2 points can sometimes make the difference between winning or losing.

In addition -- and this has been discussed a lot in the forums -- the Year cards are not meant to make or break your strategy...they are meant to nudge you in a direction that will get you more points. They add an extra decision to the decision-making process. Do you want to get another photo right now (1 point, +1 if you complete the Year card) or do you want to go for that 3-point park card?

I really like the "nudge" Year card approach, the same way I like how it works in Wingspan. And the Nightfall expansion improves the mechanic by letting you get more year cards and keep the ones that suit your play style. But some other people think they're underpowered and rarely worth pursuing.
It seemed that despite the fact that there are lots of different images on the photos there's no difference between them and they're all just things that are worth 1 point?
BGA is correct. If you read the full paragraph at the bottom of the page in the rule book (specifically the last sentence), it confirms the bonus resource from a season effect is only gained once per turn.
The first player to reserve a park at the TRAIL END gets the first player token. Reserving a park in any other way does not get you the token.
A situation came up where I wanted to visit Theodore Roosevelt (2 tree, 2 mountain) with the gear in subject. I wanted to pay 2 mountains and 1 sun, assuming the sunscreen turned the trees into suns, then the map gave me the 1 sun discount. Another player thought you could only use the map with printed suns, not converted ones. Who's right?
Stupid camera. In our game I was never able to keep the camera long enough to use it on the turn immediately after I got it.
2) on the Wide Angle Lens cards
Can you buy the same type of gear more than once? (eg: buying 2 binoculars, or 2 journals) If you can, then do the benefits both apply? (eg: 2 journals, one with a 1 less Mountain cost and the other one with a 1 less Tree cost)
When you choose the "reserve a park" action (at the end of the trail, or at any other time you can do this action), you do not need to spend any resources. You immediately put the park in your play area and turn it sideways (to show it is reserved).
Then, in the future, you can choose the "visit a park" action, choose either your reserved park or one of the parks in the display, and pay resources to visit it. If this is your reserved park, you turn it upright in your play area to show you have visited it. If it is one of the parks in the display, you put it in your play area.
Hopefully that answers your question, I didn't quite understand it.
You commit to either Reserving a Park or Visiting a Park when your Hiker claims a spot at Trail End.
That makes sense and is how we played it. Thanks for confirming everyone.
Our game group is looking for the official rule on this.

Cards:
The Rocky Mountain National Park costs 1 Tree + 4 Token Symbols.
The Season of Starlight says "parks cost 1 Starlight less to visit"

Can the above season reduce the park cost by one Token Symbol?
Research badges do not discount future purchase but, rather, are discounted when you buy them. You can see a full description of the badges and their actions on pages 14-15 of the rulebook:

Research - "This Badge costs one resource less for each Badge of its type that you have already earned."
If you have the camera this costs you 1 token. If you do not have the camera it costs 2 tokens but you also gain the camera.

3) lastly, if you have the camera, you may take a photo at the END OF A SEASON, when
The only true duplicates that were meant to be replaced were Delicate Arch and Great Basin Park Cards in an early print of Nightfall because there were errors in the text of the first printing of those cards in the base game. Those were fixed in later prints, so I think they're no longer included in Nightfall.
The "Lookout" trail location will let you perform a parks action, including reserving a park (but you do not get the first player marker...that requires you to actually be the first player to place a hiker at the trail end "reserve a park" space for that year).
Ah, I see, thank you! We totally missed the line “to the right” in the rule book and thought you could put your hiker on any tile. I feel like the rule book could be clearer at emphasizing things like this. Thank you!
Also you only get 1 point for having the first player token at the end of the game, not each time you take it.
slow hiker-
its hiker not player, so yes slow and steady is a viable stratigy. That means the person who is faster is getting all the weather bonuses and first parks picks and they just have to lead by a little. Its also very easy to mess with the slow player then by just lagging behind one of your two hikers and playing leapfrog and taking the good spots right before they get there. Remember, even with your own hikers you would have to skip over or use your campfire

copy for first player-
I believe your wrong on this for two reasons:
1- there are trail sites which you go to, use, and are able to copy. Then there is the trail end which is not a site. There are no actions just claiming a spot as your hiker finishes
2- only the first player to the reserve a park spot gets the first player token, following players get to reserve a park but do not get the first player token

PS
welcome to BGG!
in the future you will have better luck getting rules questions if you go to the game's page (
If this is the case, why isn't the bonus slot to the far right of the area? The rules day when you place a hiker there, they consume the slots from right to left, and I don't see where the solo rules contradict this. According to a consistent reading of the rules it would seem that in order to get the first player token, you'd have to take that action with both your hikers, and before any rangers took it.
Only played it with option 2, and it's far from gamebreaking. The same for same gives you the benefit of the 'season' bonus (gain a tree when you get a sun, so you trade sun for sun and get a tree). I'd say when we get it on the board it gets used by 1 or 2 people every season - but more often than not it's skipped for people just getting the right resources they need with bonuses or wild resources.
Booo, . We played it both ways and we could do much more with it. It also seemed way to tough to achieve your private objective when we played it the way you're suggesting. I had the one that said get 6 or 8 parks with forests. I only got 5 total parks.
I have a follow up to this. When does a player obtain the resource on the park? When they visit the park, I presume. What about when they reserve the park? We have been playing that the resource stays on a reserved park, only transferring to the player after they visit it.
Thank you for your kind reply! Warm and crystal clear. I enjoy this game very much. It feels like a fresh breeze after a couple of AP-overload games.
That is correct. If both rangers make it to the end before either of your hikers have made it, both your hikers get rushed to the end and you only get one action. As long as you get one hiker back before both rangers, then you take 2 actions like normal.
Hello everyone

Could seem a straight question but i find the rulebook not clear enough about this.

Are the spots on the End of the Track tile limited?

The Visit a Park one is not, and that's stated, but the others?

For example:
Player A goes first on the first spot on the tile. He take First Player and he Reserve a Park.
Player B goes there after A, he only Reserve a Park.
Can Player C goes there? Or now it's full?
I think it's open for everyone but the rules leave me not sure about it.

Thanks
Ok, thanks.
FYI, don’t pay too much attention to your private goals. They only give you a couple points, and many of them are too much work. This is one of the major fixes from
Which of the two options below is the correct interpretation for the interaction between the Lodge Trail Site and the Seasons of Stone, Snow, Growth and Reefs?

For the Lodge Trail Site: PARKS rules 1.1 Page 8, COMMON QUESTIONS:, "HOW DOES THE [graphic showing 1 token being exchanged for another token x2] WORK? Turn in any token to gain any token. You may immediately do this a second time. Wildlife cannot be turned in or gained here. You may gain the same token you turned in."

Text on the card: Season of Stone: "Gain [graphic for 1 sunshine] if you gain any [Mountain graphic] on a turn".

So, if I place a hiker on the Lodge Trail Site and turn in a Sunshine (or any other) token to gain a Mountain token (using the benefit of the Lodge) during a Season of Stone, then, because I have gained a Mountain token, I now also gain a sunshine token (the benefit of the Season of Stone).

So far, so good. This is how we've played it, and appears to be consistent with the text of the cards and rules.

So, if I then "immediately do this a second time" and turn in a second Sunshine (or any other) token to gain a Mountain token (using the benefit of the Lodge) during the same Season of Stone, then, because I have gained a Mountain token, I now gain another sunshine token (the benefit of the Season of Stone).

So, the net effect of landing on the lodge if I turn in two Sunshine tokens during A Season of Stone is that I will receive two Mountain tokens and get back my two Sunshine tokens.

(1) Is this correct?

It seems consistent with the text of the rules and interpreting the text on the Season of Stone: "Gain [graphic for 1 sunshine] if you gain any [Mountain graphic] on a turn" to mean: "Gain [graphic for 1 sunshine] when you gain a [Mountain graphic] on a turn". [My emphases]. This interpretation is reinforced on page 4 where the [Mountain graphic] is explained as "Gain a Mountain token into your supply". [Again, my emphasis.]

I ask because the Boardgame Arena implementation differs. The outcome is the same when you turn in your first sunshine token at the lodge during a Season of Stone - you receive a sunshine token with your mountain token. But if you "immediately do this a second time", turning in a second sunshine token, you receive just a mountain token, and not the expected second sunshine token - the Seasonal benefit appears to occur once per player turn. Presumably, in this case the text: "Gain [graphic for 1 sunshine] if you gain any [Mountain graphic] in a turn" has been interpreted to mean "Gain [graphic for 1 sunshine] when you gain one or more [Mountain graphic](s) in a single turn". [My emphases]

(2) Is the Boardgame Arena interpretation correct?

Whichever is correct, presumably the same applies to the following cards:
*Season of Stone: "Gain [graphic for 1 sunshine] if you gain any [graphic for a mountain] on a turn".
*Season of Stone: "Gain [graphic for 1 sunshine] if you gain any [graphic for a mountain] on a turn".
*Season of Stone: "Gain [graphic for 1 sunshine] if you gain any [graphic for a mountain] on a turn".
(3) Is this true?

Please help,
Steve

Photo of the relevant rule, example cards and Trail Site:
No need to overthink the faq rule. Basically it’s a discount or when it is not used on the card you receive it as a bonus.
If this is a 2-player game, there is no difference between gaining, say, 4 points for myself versus denying 4 points from my opponent. Denying points from my opponent is very definitely a benefit to me; it is NOT zero-benefit. When I'm trying to decide on a move, I'm going to look at what gets me the best net gain over my opponent. If I have a choice that gains me 3 points, and a choice that denies my opponent 4 points (and they don't have another option available if I deny those points), then you bet I'm denying my opponent those points. There's nothing mean about it.

In a game with more than 2 players, there will definitely be more considerations about who seems to be ahead and what would benefit me most, but denying points from other players is still a possible option.
While this can be devastating, being able to visit the additional park still requires the resources to go with it, so it becomes more important to block the pass-owner, as much as possible, from gaining extra resources. Though there are additional gear cards that discount parks, that still requires allocated a hiker/action to obtain the gear card as well, lessening an opportunity to visit a park. I guess the tl;dr version is: yes, its can be powerful, but it's mitigated by having the necessary resources.
They can be used in place of any other token to visit Parks or take Photos.
One person's "mean" is another's "well played". To me, that's just good tactics.
Just chiming in to say that yes, that is correct. If you are the only player left on the trial, you can keep hiking until you just have 1 hiker left on the trail, at which point you'd be forced to jump to the end.
Sounds like the Gear is the only actual rule change, as opposed to just clarifications of the official rules as given in various threads here.
Me and my wife just played our first game last night, but we have a few questions. Pardon me if these have been asked elsewhere; I don't think they were in the FAQs.
1) With two or three players, I gather you do NOT use the waterfall site?
2) At the start of a new season, are the campfires relighted for all players?
3) Can the actions on canteen cards be used every season (provided they are activated by water)?
4) When a player buys a gear card, do you draw another gear card to replace it, like you do when you visit a park?
As long as everybody you played with were using the same rules, it's no biggie - ignore it and move on.
House rule whatever you want, but in competitive board games, this is an accepted practice amongst every player I've ever played with and had this situation come up.
Note that the words collect and gain are used interchangeably here. I typically think of "gain" meaning something is being added -- so if there is no net gain to my supply of tokens (as in a 1-to-1 exchange), I don't think I have gained anything. But here the word gained is being used to mean something more like "a token came to you." I put a token out there, and I pulled a token in. I have received/collected/gained this token.

...
Hey there Steve, you can find the official rulebook along with other helpful guides, an FAQ, and more at parksgame.com!
OK, so these are the only two possibilities?
Hi Dima,
building on what Christopher posted, in the Base Game:

1) you may take a photo when you place a ranger on this trail site
Remember: hikers can only move forward and they have to move to take the action of the tile.

So being forced to move forward they will end up on the end tile eventually, ending the season.
Works for me. Thanks!
But a sun for a bear is a great start.
1) Gear Card "wide angle lens parks" it says "You may spend 2 tokens to take photo when you Visit "location". So when i visit this location can i take a bonus from this Site (forest token) and + take a photo? Or i need to choose take a photo or take a token?
If i have a Photoparate at this time, do i spend 2 tokens like this Gear says or only 1 tokens?
I fully understand that. That's why I didn't say it was broken: but rather that it felt broken. It was last round, one of my hiker was on the second to last trail and the other on the 4th. I got 5 free trails, one of them being the Visit a Park action. It was only our second game, so obviously we all learned from it and probably won't make it possible for anyone to do it in the future.
Every hicker that goes to the first spot reserves a park. Also, in addition, the first one who does gets the first player token.
Aha! Just watch out if you get the Nightfall expansion...there really ARE tent tokens in that one, you just can’t collect them.
Hi Keith,
if you have this compass, when you visit a park you can discount in three ways:
1 sunshine,
1 water,
1 sunshine and 1 water.

To interpret that the Sunshine/Water Compass can only be used to visit a park with a Sunshine and Water cost, would mean that if you bought the Compass that gave you a two Water discount, you could never visit a park that only requires one Water. (More extremely, with this interpretation, if you had both of these the Compasses, then you could only ever visit parks that required three water and a sunshine). This would be more of a hindrance than a benefit.
Have fun,
Steve
I absolutely agree. No implication in my answer above. I made a career from "dumb" questions.

When answering I try to explain my thinking in case anyone disagrees. Then we can discuss, rather than have people shout at me from different assumptions.
Have fun,
Steve
Is this card from an expansion, because I don’t have a canteen card like that. Based on the rules in the base game, though, I would say yes.
Am I right in understanding reserved cards are finally payed for in the visit parks stage?
Yes, I agree with this statement just by my initial read of the rulebook. Which is why I expect it to be one of those games which has a bit of hidden depth, such as
.
I'll agree that the rule is ambiguous, but only in the regard that it's missing a word. By adding the word, "owning", as shown below, the rule is crystal clear:

"When a Hiker arrives here, the owning player immediately relights their Campfire if it is extinguished, and then..."
.
Yes, you can.

Bear in mind, when you have one hiker left on the trail their next move must be to the end of the trail.
Each tray holds all types of tokens and also Photos, forming the supply.
What version of the rule book do you have? I’m looking at version 1.2 and don’t see any section titled “Icon Reference.”

In my version, near the bottom of page 4, there’s a paragraph called “Wildlife” that says

“They [wildlife] can be used in place of any other token to visit Parks, take Photos, buy Gear, and visit the River. Wildlife cannot be used to fill a Canteen or traded in/gained as part of the [1-1 exchange icon] Site or Canteen.” (Emphasis theirs)
Yes, we play it without a minimum as well!
We do that also - and like the longer game/trail.
Thematically speaking, I’d say the one you move away first becomes the front ranger in that case.
Thanks all !
According to the solo rules in version 1.1 of the rulebook, when a ranger arrives at Trail End using a three-cost Gear card, it occupies the bottom slot. In addition to discarding the rightmost Park card in slot 3, the rules also state, "shuffle all 3-cost Gear on the board back into the Gear deck".

This tells me that all Gear cards remain in their respective slots after they are drawn for ranger movement.

What the rules don't state is which Gear cards are available to me if I decide to purchase one: all of them, or just the topmost Gear cards in each slot.
As a side note: tokens on parks are not discarded.
To complement Cameron's official answer, if you gain a resource because a park has an instant action, that resource is gained after you paid for the park cost.
He would stay because it doesn't fulfill the instructions. I keep my eye on the ranger cards. Not all of the effects will be deterimental each season. Or you might jump ahead to grab a sunshine or water in effect blocking what could be a more deterimental card effect. Or let them grab one or the other tokens so the lesser on the top or bottom effects occur which might not effect you at all or less than the other. I really like the solo mode once you get used to it. I started hating park rangers for the first few games lol btw I always use green hikers for rangers since that's a standard color of their uniforms.
There's no reason not to at least reserve a park. Something aim for as you continue playing.
Back to the common supply. You drank it.
we clear the row and replace it every time we build the new trail to keep things fresh
Brandon is correct. Thanks especially for linking the rules Brandon!
Good question.
I’ve come to the conclusion that the gear cards are not meant to be placed in the gear slots, but maybe I’m wrong. It was not all clear to me whether drawing a gear replaced the existing one which would have to be discarded.
Did you see anything about this in the rules?
Another gear question - are you limited to buying just 1 piece of gear using the "Buy Gear" action?
...Anyway, reserving a park doesn't affect your gameplay or result.
, and
Do you get the tokens only when you visit that park, or do you get it when you reserve it?
I agree with this excerpt completely. Except I don't agree that they reached that line with this rule. All they would've had to do is add, "You can't choose more than one Park when taking this action"
I'm certain that gaining a water from ANY effect counts as water "gained that turn" and can therefore be put in your canteen! So the Lodge can be used for that purpose.
It means when you get a canteen card, you get a water, which I believe you can use to fill the canteen immediately as it would be water you gained that turn.
I assume they were turning the top card of the deck face up…?
hi all, bearing in mind that you cannot move backwards, if both rangers are ahead of both hikers does the back ranger stay put?
In Solo Mode, if the Parks/Gear tile come out late it will impact how many Parks you will be able to reserve/visit, no question. But, as has been said, you still need to acquire all of those resources, not easy when the Rangers often hoover them up.
I play Solo exclusively and for me, the sequence of Advanced Site tiles over the seasons changes my approach. Sure, the goal is to visit as many Parks as you can but I try to make up for missed opportunities with photos or working towards my Year card personal goal.
Only once - and this was just last night - have I reached the 30 point threshold. A fair bit of luck was involved.
So if the Parks/Gear tile doesn't appear until the 3rd or 4th season - and you'll not know anyway - try to use resources to achieve what you can that season and you'll accrue respectable VPs anyway.
Oh, thanks - so I've screwed up
Hi,
I have a simple rule question ...

What does the instant action do on the gear card water bottle ?
A) take a canteen card from the supply ? (as it is the exact symbol used on the Vista)
or
B) Use a canteen card ( giving a water token and take the action on any unused canteen card )

Thanks for a clarification
No we allow any number at the visit a park.

Haha, don't pay for the parks you visit.

We'll try again.
I read it the same way. Yes 7 tiles. I’ve been playing wrong because when I was taught we did not include one of the advanced tiles on the initial setup. After actually reading and not skimming the rules did i discover this. 3 or less players tart with six tiles since the Waterfall tile is not used in the game.
Well, that's a damn good point.
I believe it! I got to go spectate at the World Championship in 2008 in southern Michigan, and I still carry and use the Roc I bought as a souvenir. I'm also not far from Peru, Indiana, location of the first course in Indiana, and one of the first 5 in the country designed by "Steady" Ed himself.
So basically, let me win? I've only played the game once, so I am trying to follow the logic here... its the last season. Player 1, lands on the "end trail" and say grabs equipment, player 2 goes onto a space. Player 1 then realizes that player 2 has enough tokens to reserve/purchase a park, so player 1 goes to the end trail and reserves the card instead. Player 2 still has both players on the board.
I would think player 2 AFTER player 1 placed their first hiker on the end title, should have then placed their first hiker on the reserve spot. (therefore getting the card and preventing player 1 from getting it.) unless they didn't have all the tokens they needed yet. hence the delay.

Did player 2 need more tokens from the board? and that is why you could not have taken the reserve spot with your first hiker? The only way I see this playing out is that you had both hikers still on the trail, and then would use one to reserve and the other to purchase.

If player one landed on a spot with a water token and filled a canteen that allowed him to reserve a card, would that not be allowed as well? Since the other player wanted it?
There is a limit of 12 tokens per player in the game. If I use a canteen by putting a water token on it, will this token still count as one of the 12 tokens? Or can you ignore it?
Is it possible to fill multiple canteens for free this way? Visiting one site with a tree for example, fills 3 "tree" canteens for free at once?

Is it allowed to fill other canteens with the "free bonus water" or must I place the token on the matching canteen(s) ?

Okay, it is connected with the gear card only. The FAQ was unclear to me, I always thought if you have a canteen with a matching symbol you always get free water.
Yes, kind of. Each player relights their campfire whenever one of their campers reaches the end of the trail, so it will happen once during the season and once when they end that player's season.
Quick query, that I couldn't find in the rules (can't see for looking, probably) - are the spaces limited at the Trail End? That is, can you go where there's another hiker? I'm presuming you can, otherwise it'd get full! Thus a silly question....
Whats the point of having a full bottle of water and not being able to do anything with it in later turns?
Incorrect. Only the first Ranger on a row triggers the corresponding action.
The second Ranger getting on the same action row does nothing, as per the rulebook
"If a second Ranger reaches the Trail End and would occupy the same space as the previous Ranger, nothing happens."

So if both Rangers get to the Trail End with a 3-cost Gear card, the card drawn for the second Ranger stays on display available for purchase.
However, I still contend that the phrase "3 or fewer players" is misleading and incorrect ---- since 1 is clearly less than 3.
No, gear discounts only apply when the specific symbol is on the Park card.
If in a multiplayer game if you have both hikers on the trail when all others are at trail end, do you have to bring both in at once and only activate one like in the solo game? Or do you still active both?
I much prefer the choice to trade 1 to 1 or 2 for 2, with the option for each trade to be for a different resource, rather than being forced to trade 2 for 2 and they be the same. It provides a lot more options and flexibility which means more fun overall.

I'll have to check my rulebook, but this may have been the intent from the beginning, but the first edition had a slightly unclear graphic that makes it seem like you're forced to do 2 for 2. I'm pretty sure I've always played it as 1 for 1 one, up to twice.
At the end of the round, any water tokens on canteens, indicated they were used, go to the supply, they are not kept.
Apologies if this has been answered elsewhere but I couldn't find it. In our first playthrough of PARKS last night we came across the question of whether a wildlife token can be used in place of the water requirement to take the "copy" action on the River.

We played it that it cannot, since the rules say "Spend 1 Water to copy..." Under the Wildlife section it says "They can be used in place of any other token to visit Parks or take Photos. Wildlife cannot be used in Canteens or toward buying Gear." (emphasis mine). Since the River isn't mentioned in the first sentence we guessed it couldn't be used, but thought it would be nice if the second sentence clarified something like "Wildlife cannot be used in Canteens, at the River, or toward buying Gear."

Did we play this correctly or can you actually use a wildlife token on the River?
...my wuestion [question] is, when does gear on the board refill?
,
First edition rules didn't allow Wildlife to be used in the River (this name is first edition only as well) nor for buying Gear, but this was later changed for following editions.

So you can use Wildlife for:
* Buying Parks and Gear
* Taking photos (even with a discount if you're using Wildlove rules)
* Use the [Pay Water to copy another site] River site
* Use Campsites

You can't use Wildlife for:
* Filling Canteens
* The 1 resource for other resource exchange
I just had the same situation yesterday doing my first game of parks.
I was a 2-player-game in which I think this can happen more often.
I felt it as right because
a) I got no bonus first being at the end first
b) couldnt use my camp fire twice...while in a 2-player-game you dont need to fully use it anyway
c) well the other player(s) just rushed faster

Nevertheless, despite having 5 or 6 additional actions unfortunately I just arrived one single fitting ressource short to buy one more park to win the game.
So I lost 29 vs 32.
I just got this for Christmas and rules have been officially updated. There are four actions you can use wildlife for - visit a park, take a photo, buy gear, and when visiting the river.
Hello - I assume in solo play the Rangers don't use the Canteen and Year cards? I just can't find this clarified anywhere in the rules and wanted to make sure this is correct. Thanks in advance!
Saves time setting up a follow-on game?
Steve
Page 6 of the rulebook says one.
It seems clear that you can't stop at the Lodge and only make one token trade, so I would suggest you can't stop at the Ocean and take only one token either.
I don't remember well, but maybe there's something else in the expansions that lets you take a picture (it should have the icon printed). Sometimes you take a picture and get the camera, sometimes you take a picture without the camera, and maybe some things give you the camera without taking a picture (I'm not sure about this last one). It all depends on the printed icon.
Sadly, it’s like reserving a campsite you never ended in up using...
I did a quick forum search and couldn't find an answer: can you turn in a wildlife token at the lodge and gain a different token?

I think the answer is yes. I believe the exclusion only applies to the token you gain, not the token you lose. I can't think of any game-breaking reason why you can't turn in a wildlife token at the lodge to (for example) fill your canteen.

You make a good point! I'm sure somebody will correct me if I'm wrong, though.
Well, if you can’t visit a park because you don’t have the resources and you can’t buy gear for the same reason, of course you can do nothing and still have to end the round. Does the rulebook say “may” perhaps?
Thanks
So I noticed some new park cards with some instant effects in Nightfall. Some of them we don't quite understand.

The "Parks" effect, does it means reserve a park or visit one or both?

The "taking photo" effect, can I use wildlife to replace that specific token or you can only use that type of token?

The "camera symbol" effect, can I take a photo right away?

The "camp symbol" effect, we guess that you can do a campsite action. If it's, can I choose the occupied campsite?
When you count the tokens, are you supposed to include the water tokens which are being in use on top of canteen cards?
(Just to be sure: you did have players discarding down to the 12-token limit each turn, right?)
I only have the base game and Nightfall and ill mix them 50/50. I reduce the base game parks by eye to the same amount of cards from the nightfall exp and mix them together.
I already flagged this thread Wrong Forum (from the three dots at the top).
Do you perform the action when you fill the canteen, or when you empty it at the end of the season?
4) Can a wildlife token be used instead of a water token at the River site?
and picture:
My family just got PARKS and in only a couple plays have encountered a couple situations not clearly addressed in the rules. We made our best guess, but wonder if anyone else uses different rules.

The rules specify that the last hiker on the trail has to move to the Trail End, which supposedly lets other players cut a season short for the slowest hiker. But we've had at least 2 games where one player has both of their hikers on the trail after all others are at Trail End, technically allowing them to visit every space (some twice) before clearing the trail. We didn't allow that, but didn't know whether only one, or both of that player's hikers should be allowed to even reach Trail End, one after the other.

Then, my youngest visited the site that allows you to copy the action of the site another hiker's standing on for a fee of one water. My child elected to copy the action my hiker was standing on, which was the First Player marker slot of Reserve a Park at Trail End. We couldn't dispute the move, as the Trail End site does have a site-marking tent icon in the bottom corner. Probably taking the first player marker wasn't valid, as not even landing on the site yourself would afford you that action, but do others include the Trail End site as a valid option for this site's action?
Yes.

Though I apologize for not being able to cite a reference for you at this time... I'm on the run.
I made the same point in another thread, as a possible argument, although I admitted I don't know what the design intent is. But the argument goes like this: It could be what you are paying for with season of chance is you are paying for an ability rather than park costs. You pay one of each resource to gain the abiility of visiting a park without needing to pay the park costs, whatever they are. So gear that lowers the park cost don't really come into play because season of chance allows you to bypass the park cost. However, since the cost on season of chance is not a park cost, but an ability cost, then gear that subtracts from park costs do not apply to the costs for Seasons of Chance.
Every photo taken is worth 1 VP at game's end. Furthermore, if you get a Year End that awards a certain number of photos, then they also grant VP's for achieving that Year End goal. In your example picture, if you have 6 or more total suns pictured on all the parks you have visited during the game, AND you have taken 3 or more pictures, you score score the year end bonus. Those same three tokens then count as 3 points (1 each) for final scoring.
differ from the original (1.0?, unversioned?)?
1. Correct
2. Yes
3. Yep
4. That's right
Wow! Replies came in quick. Wish I asked last night during my first playthrough. Shorted myself a few combos. Thanks for the clarification!
Correct. If you go to the Mountain with the gear in your example, you would get water even if you chose to camp rather than activate the site. Disallowing gear, because you didn't trigger the site, would make that gear much less effective, so I imagine the rule was written this way to not dissuade people from buying gear thinking it's only useful when activating a trail site.
Thank you! I know it seems super simple but our game group was oh so confused! LOL! We kept reading it both ways.
If doing so they get the last token needed to complete the other event, do they activate both events of the same card? Or they complete the top one, discard the event card and get a new one and right after that complete the bottom event of the new card?
[q="sarasa1a"]Discard one of your Gear or Year cards to the bottom of its deck. Then, you may take either the top card of the Year or Gear deck or any available Gear card.

Is it possible to get a different type of card from the first discarded card with this effect?
added to the top of each of the three available Park cards
They just pickup the token, they don't activate the location.
Not to persuade you to spend all your spare cash but; the Nightfall expansion, adds a pitch a tent option. The added option of pitching a tent is done instead of the site action.
So if you don’t want to spend resources, and there are no canteen cards left to draw, then if the tent is still there at least one more action can be taken at that location.
I don't have a rules reference or anything, but we have always played that yes, you can still use the discount in that case.
Just found it "Instant action".
Given that the wording is visit another park and not 2 parks at once I'm guessing you're supposed to show a new park after visiting the first.

So far I've only played 1 game where the gear came up and it didn't come close to being a problem (granted it only showed up in season 3 IIRC).
When drawing or reserving a park from the board, rules state that a new park is to be drawn and be placed on the board..

But with gear, we can't find if they work the same?

So my wuestion is, when does gear on the board refill?
Hey there everyone. Just hopping to provide some official clarifications:

It costs 2 resources to take a photo. If you do so at at the "Vista" trail site, you also gain the camera token. While you are in possesion of the camera, photos cost just 1 resource to take AND the player with the camera at the end of each season gets to take another photo (for 1 resource).
If it really, really bothers you, then you could impose a penalty at the end of the game for unvisited parks in a player's area: -4 pts for each unvisited park beyond the first 2. Example, if someone has 4 unvisited parks at the end of the game, then the first 2 don't count against them, and they would lose 8pts (-4 x 2).

That being said, personally, I don't think there are out-of-balance issues with reserving too many parks. There seems to be a self-balance mechanism at play. Because if players spend too many actions reserving parks, they will probably fall behind by because they have been neglecting the other important actions, like gathering resources, and the other engine-building actions. Also, you may like the Wildlife expansion. It impacts park reserving, because 1 park at a time is covered with the buffalo token, and that park cannot be reserved. So, players are forced to rethink their strategies somewhat.

The only time I find reserving parks to be an issue in the last round, as a straight-up "hate drafting" mechanic. I have thought of making a rule that in the first 3 rounds, players can reserve as many parks as they want to, but no parks may be reserved in round 4. But that is just my 2 cents.
I have to admit that after reading the thread I am now confused about how and when to use the canteen. As far as I understand now, all the process MUST happen on the same turn: you gain water, you use it inmediately to fill the canteen, and you inmediately get the effect of the canteen. Can anyone confirm if this is right? Thanks!
And you can only visit one at a time.
I think photos are a great mechanic. Stealing the camera from someone, taking as many 1 point pictures as you can when you have it is fun and makes a huge difference. At 1 resource per pic it's the most efficient points out there if you're using sun/water, parks are equivalent with mountain/trees. At 2 resources per pic its still competitive for sun/water. Most importantly it's a resource dump, you dont want to end up with wasted resources at the end and photos are a good way to prevent that. Sometimes the park draws don't go your way but photos are reliable.
The camera goes to the supply. If you dont have it, nothing happens with the camera.
Not that I know of. I'm just doing 4 usually
I thought you were just blocked from getting the first player marker, but that the slots were otherwise not limited.
Your wife is correct.
This is an outdated rulebook. Current one can be found on the Keymaster games webpage under downloads, here. See rulebook page 4.
I go by how the rules are written. They say you get a one Sun discount. There is no mention whatsoever regarding a minimum cost for Gear cards. So a one Sun discount is a one Sun discount. Period. If that results in a Gear card costing zero, then so be it. The rules don't prevent that.

Just my opinion.
- Is it allowed to "pay" on advanded trail site or even on campsites with a wildlife token? For example can i pay on the river with a wildlife token instead of water? Or can i spent 1 wildlife token to get 5 Sun or 5 Water on a campsite?
I see some malicious behavior here
If it was just for the art, you could keep those removed parks beside the main board
I don't think it's too harsh not to replace them. It well simulates other players denying you points based on what resources you've been getting all along the trail; a bit more powerful because you don't get a new random Park, a little less powerful because they might not remove the Park you were going for.
In the end, I think it gives the solo game those little "oh, crap!" moment that may have you re-think your strategy.

For the gear cards, I got the feeling they should work like you say, but it felt so limiting. It is true that in MP games they are limited as well... I just tried a solo game with searchable stacks. I would play a few games with only top card available for purchase and see how it goes.

I anyway agree that the latter should be the way to rule it; it's the most coherent way to do it and, as you said, there are no special rules for gear cards in the solo variant, so there's no reason buying them should work differently.

Thank you for spending your time here sharing your thoughts.
Trail on!
“basegame rules, last page”
Hmm... are you sure about this? When the Rangers take the First player token, they put it in their area. Why wouldn't they do something similar for the camera if the intent is to get it back?
1. Hikers cannot move backwards
2. Hiker stays at the spot with the other hiker.
It would make for a cool expansion! It could tie in to the different things you can do in the parks such as camping/hiking/boating etc and highlight those activities or something
The most sensible solution seems to be to start filling normally from the left, then when the water/sunshine is gone start substituting the opposite kind to finish out the trail.
He's asking about the parks, not the gear.

Replacing parks would make planning for them a bit frustrating.
This is correct! A discount of a specific resource type does not apply to the wild symbol on Park cards, it only applies to Parks with that specific resource listed as part of the cost.
I guess I'd have to guess the answer should be no. Nothing about the card suggests the idea of taking "up to" 3, and we're establishing the idea above that you have to do the whole action or none of it.
It's (a). Look at page 8 of rules, Common Questions, the bottom right.
If I have camera and I have gear that let me to take picture at certain location, do I need to pay 2 items or just 1 item to take picture with gear ?
Hello,

Can anyone confirm that if nobody take the 1st player space on the End of Trail tile, the 1st player maker stay with the same player ?

It feels strange in a 2 players game.
Yep, this was my argument for potentially being able to use it (which in this case ended up being pretty big since I didn't have any water, but had two wildlife and using the River action would have allowed me to visit an additional Park and fulfill one of my yearly goals).
This makes sense, but does this also apply to seasons where you place weather on them? I guess logic would dictate 'yes', but for some reason I never played it this way...
Super, thanks
Many thanks!
How would you determine that the reservation was 'a straight-up "hate drafting" ', and not a long-shot grasp at the only potentially game-winning option?

It would never occur to me to introduce a house rule to remove a game winning tactic that the designer included in the game. Reserving parks in the last round is a game-winning tactic that you need to consider as the game progresses (especially two-player). If your opponent is low on resources and there are few turns left you need to figure it into your potential moves that your opponent may just reserve that park to deny you the points to secure their victory.

I don't see that as "hate-drafting" that's "game-winning". "Congratulations; well-played; close game; another?"

Now, if in a multiplayer game someone reserves a park specifically citing that it is revenge for something you did earlier in the game, that is of no benefit to them - that's hate-drafting; Then, you'd better consider how you behave earlier in the next game to avoid such a charge because they may not be alone in their thinking, just more public about it.

(Or you can choose not to play with them again.)

Most important - have fun,
Steve
Think of it like this, when you find water you can fill it, you don’t have to though and if you don’t you can fill it later when you find more water. You can’t fill it when you haven’t found water. Any benefits from filling your canteen happen when you fill it, so you have to take the benefits when you find the water
I would guess that this is because the first player marker marks who plays first in a season and is worth a VP at the end of the game.
Thanks so much! I was playing where you had to wait until all hikers arrived but something felt off with the way reservations/visiting works.

Glad to have the clarification.
And don't forget that once there is water in the canteen, it cannot be used again for the benefit until that water is removed - at the end of the Season, before the next.
Have fun,
Steve
Exactly this. You are looking for your total number of water icons on the parks you have visited (the number of parks visited is irrelevant). Thanks for chiming in here Shawn!
Hmmm...good question. Tokens are noted as limited, but photos are not explicitly addressed in the rules.

Out of curiosity, what are the circumstances under which more than 28 photos were taken in the game?

Also, I just noticed the back of the box notes 24 photos included while the rules note 28 photos and 28 photos were included with our game.
For the purposes of actions like the river space and using your campfire, rangers ARE considered hikers.
Thanks, I missed it.
Does the person at the end of season 4 get to buy a picture for 1 piece? Or does the game just end?
No, it means that you must spend the corresponding resources to visit a park. And you can only visit one at a time.
There is also a tile that let's you copy the action of a tile with another hiker, which would give you another opportunity if things fall right
On page 8 of the first edition rulebook (I assume the same thing is in the current rulebook):
How do you put mountain tokens on your visited parks?
No one said anything about "taking it multiple times". Very last season, very last Hiker, very last move.
"Remember, Wildlife can be used in place of any token symbol when performing an action." Page 9, ( https://www.play-in.com/pdf/rules_games/parks_-_extension_ni... )
Iam now even more confused.
The last hiker is only forced to move to the trail end, where they perform their chosen action as normal, not skip a turn.
I submitted the question for an official ruling to the Publisher's Contact form that I linked to above . They've answered my questions before. If they don't answer it here I'll post their reply if they email me. I can see it ruled either way. I haven't played it in awhile. Otherwise I'd go with the Rangers are considered 'Hikers' for that rule (I do like the official solo mode. I haven't tried the BGG user variants yet)
If I visit the park card depicting Glacier National Park, my instant bonus is to just take the camera from another player? If so, do I still have to turn in any 2 tokens and get a photo as usual? In case I already have the camera, can I pay 1 token to take a picture?
I was a bit surprised that the rulebook didn't have any explanation of any of the card actions. Some of the graphics on the cards - even the advanced trail tiles - leave a little bit open to interpretation. For example, one of the advnaced tiles, if you land on it, allows you take a "parks action" - which I presume includes both reserving or visiting a park, but it's never specified anywhere....

That said, I love this game - I've played once and I'm hooked. It's surprisingly complex.
Totally fine. Learned the game with maybe two or three "double checking"rules.
I would say: unfortunately you cannot.

My reasoning is as following. If you take the parks action you first need to decide if you want to visit or reserve, and than take the action.

Second reasoning: it is not allowed to visit the top card of the deck, except for some season card in the wildlife expansion (but in that case, the needed recourse are depicted on the season card).

Edit: Ofcourse you may reserve to top card of the deck.
You can use the water bottle at any time after it has been filled. You can only fill the water bottle on the turn you gain the water.
Hello,

1 of the water bottle card say : "....fill a canteen for free... "

Does it mean that when I land on the appropriate tile I take a water token from the supply and activate my canteen with it ?
Consider the icon reference in the base game rules to be superceded by the rules in Nightfall. This could have been framed better in both situations, but it's apparent that the most recent rules indicate that Wildlife tokens can be used for actions (trail sites and camp sites) as well as paying for parks and taking photos. So you can use it for the river and for campsites.
No, it just means you don't know what to expect from the next event, so you cannot plan for it.
This is a variant.

Have fun,
Steve
I've been playing it replacing a gear card whenever one is purchased.
If the current season card is one that gives you a particular resource when you gain another (Season of Stone, for example), does it also apply if you exchange resources (via a canteen or lodge)? If I use the lodge and exchange two suns for two mountains, would I get one sun back due to the season card?
Right. I think it's a strong recommendation but a "recommendation" nonetheless (taken right from the rule book).

Weather tokens are removed regardless of playing with the base game or expansion. The difference with the expansion is that if you take the Campsite action, you do NOT take the weather token(s) or main site action. So, even if a player technically stops at that site, they may choose to do the Campsite action, thereby leaving the weather token behind (either for another player to potentially take, or if not, removed at the end of the season as normal).
If you are referring to the actions on the trail end tile, then yes.
HOW DOES 1<->1 x2 WORK? Turn in any token to gain any token. You may immediately do this a second time. Wildlife cannot be turned in or gained here. You may gain the same token you turned in.
That’s how I play it too!
When a player Visits or Reserves a Park with a token on top, the player also gains the token.
So, I take it there are exactly THREE and only THREE actions that allow Wildlife to be used? To take a picture, to visit a Park, and to take the River "copy" action (an easier way for me to remember the rule). Am I correct?
Once all hikers have arrived at the end of the trail and chosen an action, in what order are the actions resolved?

Is it in turn order? If so, does each player choose 1 of their hikers to perform the action and then play moves to the next player until everyone has performed 2 actions?

or do players perform both hiker actions in a single turn?


Thanks in advance



This game is utterly brilliant btw
Hi David,
yes, play again, and see the tension between wanting to lag behind and your desire to to occupy the most profitable sites, either for their benefit, the extra resources of being first, or to deny that site to your opponent/force them to put out their fire.

The last hiker on the trail can usually scoop up the camera. Two hikers from one player left on the trail may give them a flood of tokens. The lead hiker is (usually) rewarded with (weather dependant) additional resources. The first one off the trail has their pick of Parks or Gear, if they are ones they want (it might be better to be second off, if they are not ones you want - you get to see what's turned over). If you have put out your fire, you might want to move a hiker off the trail quickly to have it re-ignited to subsequently land unexpectedly on a specific site.

I find that the skill (and excitement) is balancing the conditional clauses above with the sites available and their order this season. I don't need additional incentives to speed along the trail.

As in real life, somedays I want to stroll the trail taking pictures, whilst on another I really need to put in the miles quickly to not miss mealtime.

Enjoy.
Steve
It never says that it is just for the season.
Another question: is the Trail End considered part of the trail for the purposes of Ranger movement? So if one of my Hikers is at the Trail end but both Rangers are still on the Trail, does the Front Ranger automatically move or do I have to look at the Rangers in relation to my Hiker still left on the trail?
I would assume.
page 6: Visit a Park
To Visit a Park, choose one of three available on the board or one you have reserved

I think it should clearly state: You can visit/reserve ONE park per hiker action. This can be done in the following areas; park tile, end trail, etc...
Year of plenty (Have 12 of one type of resource across visited Parks) provides a lot of flexibility in what you ultimately decide to go for while also being a card that you can combo with another similar year card. If you already have a year card that prompts you to go for lots of mountains, for example, you can also go for mountains on the year of plenty.

Another thing to consider when comparing it to other year cards is that the spread of resource types is not equal. Water and sunshine are much more prevalent than mountains and forests, so it may be easier to achieve 12 of those.
I've been looking for some clarifications on this exact action.
The rulebook doesn't specify that you can only buy the topmost card of each stack. Where does your information come from?
In the multiplayer game, you only have one card per slot on the display. In the solo rules they don't specify you can only buy visible gear cards.

In a solo game Gear cards are revealed much more frequently than in multiplayer games. Letting you choose which one to buy freely skimming through each stack might make the game much easier, but buying only the topmost could potentially leave you with no chance to get a useful gear card (which can also happen in multiplayer games, but the more the players, the better the chances someone would buy one and cycle thorough the deck).
They still are probably not worth the effort.
The text on the Park Pass gear card reads: “When you visit a PARK, you may visit another one”. In our last playthrough, we wondered if this means more than two parks can be visited (almost in a recursive sense). The logic being that when I visit a park, I can visit another one – but when visiting that second park, by the card text, can’t I visit yet another one? We weren’t sure if visits would be capped at 2 by the gear card, or if the only limitation is available resources, since you have to get pretty lucky to be able to visit 3+ parks.
There's tons of parks and the resources could be spent again on many other options.
Thx for responses and help
Hi this hasn't come up in our live games but as I play more and more on BGA this situation has come up and I'm not sure whether the BGA implementation has it correct.

Eg ACADIA National Park requires 2 Forest, 1 Sun, and 1 Water.

Let's say that after 1 and a half seasons, Season of Rain has added 1 Water and Season of Splendor has added 1 Sun to Acadia.

If I want to use the Visit Park action and I have 2 Forest, 0 Sun, 0 Water and 0 Wildlife, can I visit Acadia as a single action???

Second case - what if Acadia only had 1 Water from Season of Rain, and I have the canteen that allows for exchange tokens. Can I Visit Acadia in a single action by using the Water to fill my canteen and exchange tokens to end up with the 2 Forest, 1 Sun, and 1 Water that is required to visit it?

Ultimately the question is the timing of obtaining the resources on a Park when VISITING a PARK.

Reserving is a simple case because you simply reserve the Park, and collect the resources - timing of these two is unimportant.

Thanks for your help.

Edit: Ok I found the correct search terms (I tried "Season of Rain") and found threads supporting this FAQ statement on Page 8:

"When a player Visits or Reserves a Park with a token on top, the player also gains the token. The token may even be used immediately toward the Park or in a Canteen."

I can't recreate the situation but I know that BGA did not allow me to "visit a Park" that had water on it even though I had a Canteen that would have allowed me to exchange other tokens to generate the resources required to visit that Park.
Hello,

Fallen in love with this game in a big way and find it a nice chilled and easy game to relax with, however unless I've misread/misinterpreted something I'm seeking a bit of clarification on the Rangers ability to discard Park cards upon reaching the trail end.

If my Hiker has already reached the end and visited a park, does it then mean that card can no longer be discarded as it has been "claimed" as such, or would the Ranger override the Hiker meaning it no longer gets that park card?

I have a feeling I've missed something super obvious here, but hoping someone could clarify it for me!
Correct me if I’m wrong, because I could be mistaking the rule with one from another game, but when reserving a park one could reserve the top card from the (face down) deck, right?
That way if the face up options aren’t appealing, you have a 1 in whatever chance to get something useful.
Don't forget about the campfire. You spend it to share a spot with another hiker (including your own) and it refreshes each time one of your hikers gets to the end of the trail. You can use it twice each season if you time it correctly.
IIRC, you only gain the camera when you visit the appropriate tile.
I agree to an extent. I think it just made it so your strategy had to be really different from game to game. But I much prefer the tile being out from the very first round as well.
Seems perfectly clear to me: when one of your hikers reaches the end, you relight your campfire.

It isn’t incorrect to use “one of” in this sense. On a trip, when one of you needs a break, you stop for a while...that doesn’t mean that subsequent people cannot take a break later.

If one of your tires needs air, you inflate it. Subsequent tires can also be inflated.

“One of” in no way exhausts the condition.
I just heard from Jennifer at Keymaster. Official answer: "For resource tokens on Park cards: yes, the ranger should collect them the same way they would collect tokens from the trail. If this would cause an event to resolve with an action that cannot be completed, then the event is cancelled out. Rangers cannot move back onto the trail as the result of an event action."
Official Answer: The first player token only changes hands when a player is the first to take the "Reserve A Park" action at the Trail End.
looks like that answer is yes
The error you made is the max gain of water or sunshine for those season cards at a trail spot is 1. That prevents some sort of infinite chain or something.

But producing a mountain through a canteen to get a water back is fine as long for that turn.
You can copy an action of any occupied field/site.
It's not ambiguous, I think. The rules say:

(page 3, bold mine):
If you have the camera and you have the wide-angle lens gear card can you then use the wide-angle lens gear card to take a photo for one resource instead of two?

Thanks,
M
, works that way (though, not counting expansions, it seems to be missing the engine building aspect). It is a common motif in the genre.
- There are two hikers a season which means up to 8 visits just there
- There is a take a parks action spot which can come up. If it comes up in the first season can increase the opportunities +8.
- There is a copy action spot which can come up. If it comes up the second seasn and the take a parks action: +6.
- There is a gear card that allows you to visit 2 parks with a single parks action: +?.

There are a lot of opportunities, but in general I wouldn't shoot for more than the first level of any Year card. Year cards, as I have observed in many threads on this forum, are unbalanced because they are useless. They just steer people into bad play unless you are lucky (they are also why I have an unbeaten record at PARKS despite my attempts to steer people away from them). I believe the expansion is redoing the Year cards.
When you reach the trail end (as the last hiker, or because you just moved there) you can always choose to reserve a park, buy gear, or visit a park.
Can i fill The Canteen with water this turn and use it in my next turn ?
Thanks for help
I fully agree with you. But why is this mentioned for the first time in the instructions for the expansion? It was quite common? that leftover weather tiles were still lying on the trail in the base game, even without the "campsite". I agree that the campsite increased the chances, BUT...
I understand what you are saying. The best pic I can find is here...

https://cf.geekdo-images.com/imagepage/img/5BpjwUgPcqeNca7rT...:no_upscale()/pic4978785.jpg

It's the card on the bottom right of that image. What does the number in the dark box represent?
Season of rain and season of splendor gear cards are fairly self explanatory. Place that token on the 3 current parks, if one of them is reserved or visited, you get that token. What I am unclear on though is... When that season is over, if an "unclaimed" park is still on the board with a token on it, should the token be removed for the next season? Or should it stay there into the next season?
The benefit, as I pointed out above, is that your opponent cannot score that park.
Hey everyone,

I have a little question about the campfire.

So the campfire allows us to put one of our hiker on the same spot where already another hiker is.

What if on the same spot are already two hikers? Can I put a third hiker on it, by using the campfire? Or is the maximum of hikers on one spot two hikers?

Thank you already for your answers!
Hello
I have a question about Lodge site.
In my rulebook:
The only time you gain/steal the camera is when the camera icon is displayed along with the photo icon. At this point, considering the expansions as well, I believe the only time you steal the camera is on the base game trail site with the photo plus camera icon.
Yes i saw that After postes my question, thanks
Yes, the Trail End counts as a part of the trail. If a hike is alone at the Trail End, then the front ranger would move. If both a hiker and a ranger are at the Trail End, then the ranger on the trail is always moving.
where I cover this topic in a broader and more detailed way.

So far, I'm convinced that the rules as currently written are ambiguous on this issue and that there are several possible legal interpretations of the rules regarding Sunscreen/Rain Gear stacking with other cards. Please come over to the thread and help me figure this out. (Shameless self-post-promoting )
This is a Nightfall card. If you don’t have the camera you must use Tree. If you have the camera, you may use any token. [I should have said this is a Nightfall rule on the Nightfall Quick Guide - I didn’t actually search for the card to confirm.]
This is also true everywhere (parks, trail sites, campsites, gear, etc). Season resources are gained first and can be used to pay for the tile/card effect, but instant actions are activated after the main action is completed.

A small deviation of the rule is that you do not gain the season resource on a trail tile if you choose the camp action.
I'm not sure what is the current ruling on discounts for this game, whether there's a minimum cost of one even with all the discounts or things can be potentially free with the right gear and season combinations. There is one sentence that I thought maybe hinted at this but still leaves a lot up to interpretation for me, can you guys shine a light on this for me?

CAN MULTIPLE GEAR CARDS LIKE MAPS, COMPASSES, AND JOURNALS BE USED TOGETHER? Yes, each of these cards has an ongoing ability that discounts visiting a Park by one or two tokens. The effects are cumulative—meaning, several can affect the cost of a single Park card. A token type on a Park can never be reduced below zero.

What does it mean by this statement and why is it worded that way? Am I suppose to keep a minimum cost for Parks card meaning there are no free cards or just that you don't discount into the negative because for that I think it's kind of agiven and pointless to state.
The Wide Angle Lens Gear Card lets you take photos at some other sites if you buy it. Example 2 at the Valley and an Instant opportunity when you buy it for 2 sun (or less if there's a card in play that allows it)
I can think of two plausible explanations:

1. The 3-cost gear is typically the most powerful, and by shuffling them in it would make them more scarce for the player

2. The 3-cost gear allows the rangers to move farther and faster. As the game reaches its end, reshuffling these back into the deck while leaving the 1- and 2- cost out means the rangers will be moving faster

Both of these increase the difficulty for the player. Another reason I believe you're only allowed to purchase the topmost gear: this simulates other players buying gear before you're able to.
Thanks Pete! That's how I played it as well, but was slightly confused on the wording. I also scored 32 points on my first game so I was wondering if I made it too easy on myself! I guess my other multiplayer games taught me all I need to succeed!
So, it should be free if it costs 1 SUN, right? The boardgamearena doesn't take that into account, then to submit a bug report.
Is there a reason all season cards are placed in the board when there are only four seasons? Wouldn’t it be more beneficial to just shuffle, draw four and return remaining to the box? Am I missing something that adds more seasons to the game?
Note: this should be under the Nightfall listing as the question pertains to a Year Card from that expansion.

You would have one set if you visited a two-point, a three-point, and a four-point Park.

You can have multiple sets, but any one Park can only count toward a single set for this Year Card. For example, if you finish with 4 two-point, 2 three-point, and 3 four-point Parks, you will be able to create 2 full sets for scoring this Year Card (4 points total).

Hopefully that helps. Happy hiking!
[Lodge] Turn in one token and gain any one token (excluding wildlife). You may do this a second time.
Again, the rules here say you may complete the action again (not must). This also confirms that wildlife may not be involved on either end of the transaction. Lastly, this confirms that you may exchange for the same type of token.

I hope that this helps. Have fun!
Might be nice if they reword

"For example, if you don’t have two tokens to exchange, then you cannot visit the Lodge"

to

"For example, if you have only one token, then you cannot visit the Lodge (unless it has a Weather token on it, which will give you the two you need to trade)."
It's either or both, both is not required to use.
Also of note, in a 2 or 3 player game, the gear spot with a 4 on it is essentially off-limits. Only the first player gets the gear bonus. In a 4 or 5 player game, the first two players both get the gear bonus.
2) If a ranger gets there first, and the second ranger then joins them second, ranger 1 gets first player token, ranger 2 moves across to reserve a park, and this pulls any of your remaining hikers to the trail end - but the final player action can no longer be 'reserve a park' as it is closed by ranger 2.
I think your logic is very good and it resonates with me... In a way the items becomes like a ''pseudo-canteen" which other resources being used in lieu of water (with extra possible activations with the area which lets you copy actions".

In this regard I am almost sure you are right but there is still a shred of doubt in my mind. Not a big one though

Thanks for your contribution!
If you look at the wording for Lodge in the FAQ, the word "gained" is used to refer to the two new tokens. Therefore I believe water is "gained" in this case, and can be used to fill the canteen.
I suggest other rules from both expansions that could make the base game better.
This question hasn't been addressed by others. Note that when a hiker is the last hiker on the trail, they MUST go immediately to the end of the trail on their next turn. They cannot doddle along the trail gaining stuff.
Hi Joel,
as John says, no you do not. Manoeuvring to achieve this even once can be a game- winning strategy. Then just take your time, enjoy the view and pick up the goodies, Trail Site by Trail Site, twice.
A lovely day,
Steve
It’s ambiguous in the rules if you can use the campfire on yourself to stay on the same tile. Technically it says you use it to use the same tile as another hiker (including yourself), so if you are the only one there can you use it to stay put, or do you have to move forward- thus only using it for tiles ahead?
Thanks for hopping in here Steve! That is the correct interpretation. The compass could discount the cost of a park for a sun and/or a water.
Yes.
I've read the rules over and over and I'm sure that i'm missing something. ok several things, I'm sure.

But I was playing yesterday and found myself thinking that I've got to have this wrong. I had a card that gave a reward for visiting 6 or more parks in a certain category. But it seemed like the only time that you have the option to visit is at the end of the season, but with 4 seasons in a year, in order to achieve these it seems like you'd need more opportunities to visit. Is there a time to visit other than end of year.

I'm also not seing how you get more canteens and things. If I land on forest for example and I'm first there i get the sun or the water and either way I get the forest token. But can I do anything else there?

I'm reading this as only being able to do more than that at a special spot or the end of season spot and it feels like I should be doing more on a turn.

Now, I haven't played a whole game, I had to pack it up before completing and figured that wasn't a big deal since it's still a learning process. I just feel like I'm missing something that is key.

Am I missing something? If not, it's pretty enough that it'll still keep my interest but
Keep in mind that the recommended rule of Wildlife tokens counting as 2 resources only applies to the brown square (any resource) icon found on some cards. For example, if something requires 2 water, you still need a combination of 2 water and/or wildlife tokens. But if something costs any 2 resources (brown square icon with a 2 on it), then you can pay with a wild life token, or any 2 non-wildlife tokens.
There is one fo the cards I can't seem to figure out.
I own the German version so I translate is as being named something with peaks.

It shows a red mountain with a 6 on parks and take 3 markers on the card.
Most confusing, hope someone is familiar enough with the game to not need further description of the card.
Hello! I have doubt: on The River tile can I pay with an animal token (as joker) instead of water token or it has to be a water token exactly?

Thank You on advance!
You might also reserve a park you don't intend to build because you want the first-player marker. Or you might want to just get rid of a park in order to see another one, in particular in the solo game or when you have the last two hikers on the trail.
I think due to the word "Discard", the token shouldn't be placed on the tracker. However, it is still hard to say, because if we think the "Discard" action from Rangers as the Reserve action from regular player, then those token should be count to the tracker.
Performing actions and acquiring the rain/sun token are two different things and doing one does not immediately permit the other. Taking the action of a trail site is exactly what it says - perform the action. None of that is connected to taking the rain/sun on the site.
Ohh! It’s not the answere that I wanted to read I will play more games to check how the luck can affect, but it seems to me that if the visit park tile and copy tile came in the two last rounds it will be a hugeeee difference.
Thanks Pol!
Just chiming in to provide additional thumbs up that this is the correct interpretation. I believe the FAQ in the rulebooks includes a clarification on those cards now as well.
if you do not already have the camera.
Or, if you already have the camera, you may take a picture, but this
D'oh. I should have typed season. Yes, I know that's what they are. Thanks for the response everyone.
The only thing not allowed to do with a wild token is to fill a canteen (that would be too cruel for the poor animal).

Discounts can only be applied to printed icons, not substitutions.
1. Yes, yes, and yes
2. Yes
That said, we like to do this since we usually only play two players and it gives the game more variety. So if you find that the market gets a little stale and everyone you're playing with agrees on this variant it is okay to do so.
Note: You must be able to take a Site’s action in order to visit it.
why are they shuffled back into the deck?
I bought this game last week and love it. I have a few questions about certain rules though; I think I know the answer to them, but I want to be absolutely sure I play it right:

1. The person who gets The First Hiker Marker, does he get it for the entire game (4 seasons)? Or can they be switched in another season when another hiker reaches the Reverve a park spot at the Trail End?

2. I had a game where my opponent had his 2 hikers at the Trail End, whereas my 2 were still on the Trail. So I take I could play out my turns, as many as I could, and did not have to go directly to the Trail End?
As rules stipulate 'when only one Hiker reamins on the Trail, etc...'

3. Do the water tokens in your canteens count in the maximum 12 tokens rule?

4. Can the Trail End be revisited with the Revisit Gear Card? (I don't think so)

5. One does not have points subtracted for not having been able to visit a reserved card doesn't he?
Only played it a couple of times, so might be wrong but I feel that reserving a card doesn't do so much in the game... Adding fault points would maybe add a bit of excitement.

I also think the game would have benefited from having more trail cards, so you don't end up with the same Trail tiles each time.

Apart from that, I'm a fan, lovely game, in both aesthetics and gameplay!
Clear and concise. We played error free after one quick reading of the rules. As Antares Rangers points out though, there a a few rules that are only mentioned as "clarifications".*

*This is not a pervasive problem at all, as it is with many rulebooks where such things only appear in sidebars, "notes", or examples.
Ah ok that explains it. I had just set it up and played through a single round and was thinking the year cards seemed weak....BUT....if players aren't rolling out super high end game scores then it makes more sense.

Thanks for the explanation!
1 ranger who uses 2 hikers of the same color is the games' solo mode. some people do their own versions with any and all of your questions, but I wouldnt' recommend starting that way.
The tent gear says "Spend your campfire to have your hiker revisit their current trail site"

When does this kick in? Does it kick in when you purchase it, or any time when you like/later in the game?
3. No, but they are emptied/lost at the end of each season.
Any time you gain water, regardless of how it is gained, you can use that water to fill a canteen.

You can absolutely move past people and skip spots. That’s kinda the whole point of the game
Hello, I have a quick question on the trail card shown.
You can reserve multiple Parks cards (one at a time) (if you are taking a Park card as a block to another player - the new card that comes out may be to their liking).

Moving your Hikers to the Trail End is a game strategy (you can plan out what you can get back and stop other players from taking actions).
This is how I understand your question as well. If this is what you're asking, Bram's answer here is correct. The Season Card trigger is separate from the Lodge action trigger and is not impacted by what you turn in.
The rule for gear is that cost reduction of gear only applies to the actual printed icons on the card, and cannot be used to lower the token costs:

GEAR WITH NEW PARKS • Gear that provides a
discount when visiting Parks only applies toward the
specific tokens needed to visit it. It does not apply to the
brown token symbol. In the Death Valley example, if
you have a Gear card that gives you a 1 Sun and 1 Water
discount toward Parks, you would turn in 1 Sun, but you
would still need to turn in any two tokens, as the Water
discount does not apply to the brown symbol.

So the Rocky Mountain park card costs 1 tree and 4 other tokens. If a gear gives a tree cost reduction, it would lower the tree cost, but you can't use other discounts for the token cost. While the rule doesn't explicitly apply to season cards, I think the same rule applies.
There are certain cards in the trail that let you exchange items, however it's only allowed then, not as a standard option ala Wingspan.
￼
I played a full solo game last night. I think I played the Rangers the correct way but want to verify.
So my understanding is when the Rangers reach the end trail they go to the based corresponding with what number got them there, 1-3. They use the Green spots only? Or do they also take the actions in that same row? So if one ranger gets there before my hiker and say they land on 3 and go to the last spot, then I can't visit a park? Or can they still land on 3 and take their action but the Visit a Park/Reserve is still available? My understanding is that I only take one action if both Rangers make it to the end before I do but, if my hikers make it there then I may take 2 actions?

Also with the Rangers and the weather tokens, I had an event happen last night where the action was to move the Ranger to the tile before the end trail and that still had a weather token on it, would I discard the tokens that activated it, draw a new card and place the weather toke on the Ranger card as well?
Cool! Ty very much
Thanks for the answers, all!
No, that’s how it is.
One suggestion I’ve seen is to grant point(s) if your randomly drawn picture is of a park you have visited; which seems thematic.
I get your point. Personally, I don't have a problem with it. But I have seen others get pretty butt-hurt over it. lol
We forgot that rule since the beginning... I was watching a solo video from the game and I was surprised to hear that specific point of the rule, I thought it was from the wildlife expansion but it's mentionned in Nightfall... That's why I didn't found the correct passage in the rule book...
Lodge site allows me to gain the same token I turned in.
In the rules I downloaded in Internet:
thank you. I wasn't thinking tokens, I thought it meant photos.
This confirms that you must be able to take the action in order to visit the site.
So just to triple-clarify this question:

Does that mean that if I want to visit a park that requires 3 water and has one water placed upon it, and I have only 2 water in my supply - I can still visit and "claim" it?
Thank you very much, that is how I have been playing, but my mind has been put at rest that we got it right!

It's a great game
Well, that's basically what I said but in different words

Thank you for confirming that
Be safe out there in the Parks at night
I had the same situation and also felt it's broken, and we house rule it to instead of "one last token left on the trail", we change it to "two last tokens left on the trail has to end and proceed to the end of the trail", it somehow made the game more interesting and try not be the last 2 left behind and works well for us so far.
Thank you Cameron Art, Pete , and Burning_Tyger ! I really appreciate you taking the time to respond.
But that's not "moving to a park" which in this usage is moving a hiker to the park. You move them to sites, not parks.

Weird choice to necro an almost three year old thread...
Can a player reserve or visit a park ( the Lookout tile or the Trail End tile) once per turn?
meaning- reserve one card or visit one park card only (even if they have enough tokens for more than one)?
2) What happens if there are sunshine or water tokens on a Parks card and the ranger discards that Park card at Trail End? Do those tokens go back into the supply or does the ranger get them?
There are three options; 1) visit a park, 2) buy gear, 3) reserve a park. If you cannot do option 1 or 2, you are forced to reserve a park. Unless you play with a house rule where you get negative points for reserved parks (an amusing idea in itself), there is no penalty for having reserve parks at the end of the game.
Our reasoning for being strict was as follows. The base game rules state in two sentences:
As Burning Tyger said, and even quoted the rules to back it up, no, you cannot use "Season of Starlight" to reduce the cost of Rocky Mountain National Park. Reduction to resources required to purchase parks only applies to the specific resource it references. In your case, since there are no "starlight" icons on the card for Rocky Mountain National Park, you cannot use it. The rules clearly state that such situations only apply to the specific icons shown. They cannot be used for the "wild" (any resource) icons.
Page 4: "If you have more than 12 at the end of your turn, you must discard down to 12."

Follow up question. I want to make sure I understand this.

You can take more tokens if you are already at 12 as long as you have 12 or less remaining at the end of your turn.
You can take more tokens if you are below 12 but taking more will put you over 12 as long as you have 12 or less remaining at the end of your turn.

To reduce to 12 or less, you can do any of the following:

1. Visit a Park
2. Buy Gear
3. Take a Photo
4. Fill a Canteen (Water on Canteens doesn't count toward the max of 12)
4. Discard one or more of the gained excess token(s).
5. Discard one or more of the token(s) from your original supply of 12.

#1-4 all make sense to me. I can see spending tokens already in your original 12 to make room. Then replacing those open spots with the new tokens. I can see spending the new tokens or even using some combination of both. I can see simply discarding what you just got.

#5 is the one that gives me pause. This is basically a free trade equal to the number of tokens you go over. That could be a huge benefit if played wisely.

For example, let's say you get 3 new tokens over your limit (Mountain, Water, Water). Currently you have 7 suns, 3 Tress, and 2 Mountains. Can you choose to simply discard 3 of the suns, keeping the new tokens (Mountain, Water, Water) in their place? Just seems beyond the scope of simply discarding down to switch them out like that, but I think it is allowed based on comments I've read.


Edited to correct that Tent tokens are actually Mountain tokens. Why orange people? Why orange? Mountains are grey!
Unless the park itself or some gear lets you visit a second park after visiting the first one.
The first word in the answer to the yes-or-no question in the rules is “no.” There no however, unless, or but after it. How do you interpret that to mean anything other than no?
Also with the Rangers and the weather tokens, I had an event happen last night where the action was to move the Ranger to the tile before the end trail and that still had a weather token on it, would I discard the tokens that activated it, draw a new card and place the weather toke on the Ranger card as well?
We have always just kept them on for the next season
I would think that the back ranger says put because those cards seem to always be negative consequences for the player and if the ranger went behind you then that would be helpful to you giving you more time.
Ha, I just played last night (my second game) and was wondering the same thing. I think the rule book is well done but should have some clarification on certain things. After playing twice, you do get that "A-ha!" moment. In the Rule book, I checked it 5 times, It does specifically state reserve/visit One park. My thought was, "How the hell do you visit 8 parks in a season or get rid of tokens?" like noted above, There is the Park/Gear tile (which in the first game was the last drawn tile) there is the "river" tile that duplicates another players action, you can flip your campfire to take an action, with another hiker and we came across a gear card that allows you to flip your fire to replay an action, and of course, the end trail tile. It does work, you just have to get creative.

page 6: Visit a Park
To Visit a Park, choose one of three available on the board or one you have reserved

I think it should clearly state: You can visit/reserve ONE park per hiker action. This can be done in the following areas; park tile, end trail, etc...
I hope that this helps. Happy hiking!
Chris
Actually, there could be times when you don't really want to reserve any of the available parks, and you want to avoid revealing a new park which is better for other players than the current parks. This happened in the last 2-player game I played.

And yes, I was the one who had no choice other than to reserve a park. Like others in this thread, I interpreted the rules to mean that a player must reserve a park if they do not take any of the other trail end actions. (And in my situation, I could not afford any gear or visit a park.) I could have tried to make a case for initiating a house rule, but it didn't seem worth the effort.
(And it probably wasn't. In the end, I won that game. But only by 1 point!)

...But what I failed to remember -- and what makes Donny's point completely valid -- is that you can reserve a park from the parks deck.
FYI, if you check out the
Yes, that is totally valid. You can find it on page 7 of the nightfall rulebook.

You can discard a gear card for a new gear card of a year card.
The same is true for year cards, you can discard them and take a new year card or a gear card.

If you take a year card, you can only take the top one of the deck. So not two and choose one etc.

If you take a gear card, you can take the top card of the deck, or one of the 3 face up ones.

This is really nice in the last season, where you can change a gear that issnt usefull anymore into a pointscoring year card.
Thank you so much Shiresan!
You have said as I played it. Sometimes it pays to beat him there.

Other times you might be able to max out, keeping both your guys active and moving slowly up the path

If we’re wrong, please chime in
Thanks so much for the confirmation, Geoff and Donny!
Ooh Yes that is correct. I didn't actually say that you couldnt reserve from the top of the deck, only not visit the top of the deck. But my wording was maybe a bit ambiguous. I will clarify/add it to my reply.
No reason not to do just that. It's a good idea, actually.
. Even the inspiration of PARKS,
- Donny and Adam

Sorry, Tents was meant to be Mountains. Thanks for catching that. For some reason my brain sees that rust color and thinks of orange triangular camping tents. My brain wants mountains to be grey. I keep calling mountains tents by mistake. I just do it subconsciously because that's what they look like to me, and I don't notice I'm doing it until someone points it out.

Also, thanks for the explanations. We've played 4 games so far, and the issue of more than 12 didn't come up until the last game tonight. It was an unusually bad game. Nothing was working out. Gear cards useless, Canteen cards useless, Season effect useless, Trail tile order horrible, Visit Park tile not out until last round, River tile not out until third round, Parks with all the same Tokens, mostly mountains and trees, no water or sun. Lots of interruptions as well to throw everyone off because things weren't bad enough. It was just as really bad combination of having tiles you couldn't use with no good way to get the ones you did need, so trading out on overages was a huge help.
my forum post
Got it - thanks!
No, they were face down.

When my wife set up incorrectly, the question was valid as there would always be one tile left over at game end. But if it would have been set up correctly, it does not matter. She set it up incorrectly at the beginning of the game, and not realizing that fact at the time, it set up the dispute about how to handle one tile not getting into play. Rereading the rules closer would have avoided the dispute.
Hi, somebody else has got an answer please? I'm confused too with that roule.
Thanks
It happened to me once in the only game I played. I won, but I had just a few turns and thought it was fair. It's up to the other players not to let you with too many actions and you shouldn't be penalized if they rush to the end.
If landing on Lookout tile and taking the Reserve. park action do you get the 1st player marker or is that only at the end of trail action?
Hey there!

Yes, 12 resources at the end of your turn.

You can visit more than one park per season but need to use the action space for it, on the path and/or the end of the trail.

You can reserve (multiple) parks before visiting them and there is no penalty at game end for unvisited reserved parks.

Hope that helps!
Our thoughts are that just like a wide angled lens, or a canteen do "extra" things, this also is just an extra effect?
Yes
What happens when you run out of photo tiles?

Can photos no longer be taken? At the end of the round, the person with the camera can't take a photo?
Completely off topic, but a boardgamer, hiker, and disc golfer? Too bad you live so far away, I'd probably enjoy hanging out with you!
First: How many times can you use a canteen in a season? Is it once per season or can you reuse it every time you get a water token and spend it on the canteen?

Second: there's a few cards that let you trade 2 tokens for two other tokens; does it have to be 2? Can you just swap "1 for 1{"? We played it "2 for 2" because there's nothing to indicate otherwise but I wanted some clarification.
Recommendations by the designers are often more than just "optional" They probably wouldn't play the game any other way, but of course leave it to the customers to continue to play according to the old rules

EDIT:

From the PDF Manual of the Expansion:

In addition to the normal Season Change, remove any
Weather tokens remaining on the Trail. Remove all
from Campsites and the Trail. Where necessary, flip
Campsites so the number on the bottom left corresponds to the next Season.

So - wasn't it "normal" in the base game to remove any weather tokens remaining on the trail? Or did the designers just not expect or foresee the instance?
More or less, you are correct.

When you gain a water in a turn, you must decide whether to use a water for a canteen, or to "store it" for another use (say for visiting a park).
If you use that fresh water for a canteen, you take that action immediately. That water stays on the canteen until both your hikers are at the end of the trail (or something else allows you to reset it).

You cannot use water in your standard inventory from previous turns on a canteen.
That’s a really high-level gloss, not a set of actual rules. I expect they’re referring to the fact that you will reach the trail end twice per season (two hikers) and that you might have the Park Pass gear.

If they said in the website overview that you can only do one thing, somebody would probably be in here wondering if only one hiker gets a trail end action, and does that mean you can’t use the Park Pass at the end?

Fortunately the actual rules make this clear.
Respectfully, I'm not entirely understanding your question. But regarding the Year cards which require a number of a certain type of resource to be on Visited Parks...

I don't have the game in front of me right now, so I'm speaking from memory... but let's say you have a Year card which Requires 10 Forest icons to be collected. So essentially, that means that among all the Parks you visit by the end of the game, they collectively need to have at least 10 "tree" icons. If you can count at least ten "tree" icons among all your visited parks at the end of the game, then you get the bonus points to add to your final score.

Does that help?
Hi. I need some help with this symbol. Does this mean I can spend one of each resource to visit a park?

https://share.icloud.com/photos/0f8BuPw_MUrPdF18viMXsHlgw
I believe this is correct and the way we play.
And for old people like me and non-native English speakers, AFAIK means "As far as I know,"
Ah, I get why there was a 5th tile in your original description. Normally the 4+ tile is in one of two places:
- in the box if you are playing with 2 or 3 players (also solo I would guess)
- in the trail from round 1 if you are playing with 4 or 5.

As for the shuffling of the remaining advanced tiles each round, I guess that is more like discussions that come up in other parts of BGG that I am not an expert in. It usually goes along the line of 'is a shuffled deck set in place after the shuffle?'. It then explores that because you don't actually know what order the cards are in after a shuffle, shuffling again doesn't really effect the randomness of the deck.

That was very poorly explained, which is why I can't offer a solution unfortunately.
The round bonus modifies the "cost"/"Price" of visiting a park. Sunscreen modifies the payment method, not the cost. Since the round bonus is stating that the cost is one less sunshine, it would not affect the Park that only has water and trees in the cost. While you may be able to use sunshine to pay for the tree cost, the cost is still two trees, therefore you still need two sunshine.
Yes, you get two uses of it per season. It starts lit, then, if you use it before the first hiker reaches trail end, it will refresh for the second hiker to use. When the second hiker reaches trail end, provided they used it, it will refresh again.
Hi Kindredspirit,

Correct, Rangers don't use canteens or year cards. They also don't use gear cards other than to dictate their movement for their turn.
But only once, whichever happens first.
Hi everyone,
Can i "broke" the 2traiding actions?
Exemple: i have 1mountain, i trade it for a water, i use the water in a canteen to take 2stars, i use a star to trade it with a forest.
Thanks!
Yes!
Got it, thanks!
Page 5 of the rulebook implies that water tokens placed on your Canteen cards are not part of your supply. So the 12 token limit applies only to those you have on hand... not to those on the Canteen cards. This is my unofficial interpretation only.
Since the 1.1 update of the game has a different rule on the "Lodge" site (and corresponding canteen cards) I was wondering which rules players actually prefer (and may be even more beneficial for the gameplay in general).

1. Trade 2 vs. 2 (must be different)

vs.

2. Trade 1 vs. 1 (optionally twice, can be same)

At first, the second - amended - rule seemed better to me. However, now I am doubting if the first rule is better for gameplay. Trading tokens is quite a powerful action and the original rule required the player to:

a) have 2 tokens to trade; as well as
b) required the gained tokens to be different from the ones you trade-in

This makes it definitely harder to use the site (or canteen).

The new rule is much easier to achieve, yet gives the player more powers (you can use season effects again by trading the same token for the same token - which doesn't make sense to me thematically).

So I was wondering what other people's experiences are with those two official rule variants?
Gotcha - thank you!
I read the rules in 15 minutes and played an error free game with minimal referencing. The rules are fine.
I think, in general, it's more suited to the design intent behind Parks.
That's a rule in Tokaido, which is a really similar game. But it's not a rule in PARKS. I'm sure it would work fine, but it's not a rule.
3) on the board
Thanks.
In my mind a season is a turn, every turn you pick a new season card right? so....

Yeah that's what I meant, as you have two hikers you coudl potentially get two parks or quipment.

As for the reserve parks, no penalties, for having them, so you could just reserve parks to annoy other players,
but when it come to counting points you simply ignore them as they are not yours.

I've just ordered Trails, hoping this will be just as much fun as parks, I think it is different enough to have both.

As for expansions, I'm considering nightfall, which look like it might add something interesting, not to keen on wildlife.
It feels like they just made that to complete all the parks as they missed one.
Not to keen on the animal cards, oh they probably are very nice, but it seems to me they don't fit in with the park cards.
I've stumbled on some question and rather than search 600 + post I figured I'd just ask.

Now I remember reading somewhere that at the end of a season you are not allowed to have more than 12 markers, but I can't seem to find it in the rules now. Am I right?

Now I think I've figured everything out, though at one point I wondered if I was missing something, can it really be that easy.
My main 'confusion' at this time is the park purchase.
Can you buy more than one park {yeah I know it is not buy, it's more visiting rights} in one season?
Same question for equipment cards..

Concerning reserved parks, just checking, I know I read it, but you do not have to buy reserved parks first.
If you prefer to buy a new park that is okay.
Which makes me wonder can I reserve more than one park.

Also what happens to parks that are still reserved at the end of the game.
As they are not mentioned in my rules I asume the are ignored.

I'm sure the answers must be in the rules somewhere, but I can't seem to find them.
There is a trail tile, I think and also a canteen that allows this.
To the SUPPLY, not the game box.
It’s not lost forever, it’s just like another player took it from you, but since the other player is the bot and it doesn’t use the camera, the rules say to put the camera in the supply rather than to give it to the bot.
All the resources you take during the game are in the general supply; following your logic, you couldn’t get any resource in the whole game.

Also if you don’t have the camera, you only miss out on the chance to take a picture for 1 resource at the end of the season, you don’t get the discount on actions that read “2 resources -> take a picture” and you need to use the specific resource on the camping site actions that let you take a picture, but you still can do all of those actions that let you take pictures (and you get the camera back when you do the “2 resources -> take a picture” trail site action!.
The rangers get the tokens from the trail as well?
The rulebook says: "When a Ranger lands on a Weather token, collect that token and place it on the Ranger Tracker." It doesn't mention the tokens from the trail. I assumed this means that they only collect the weather tokens. I feel that if they collect the tokens from the trail as well their event card will be activated constantly. Or is that how it's supposed to be?
No
Sorry...I don't get it. My mistake. Can you clarify the functioning of the upper trail end solo space? Why first player and reserve slot are inverted in respect of multiplayer mode? Is the first hiker meant to land on rightmost space as in multi mode? What happen if a ranger is already there? Tnx
That is how i would play it. I can't see what else you could do. I guess the idea of the events in solo is to make it trickier for you and throw hinderances in your path. I did wonder whether high winds could blow you back up the trail if the rangers were behind you (so like the wind is against you)- but that would be a benefit rather than a hinderance (allowing you to collect more resources on the trail and revisit locations), and thematically whilst i can see a strong wind speeding you along down the trail, to blow you back from where you came would require a tornado or something

So whilst it hasn't come up for me yet in solo, i'd say you ignore events that move you or a ranger down or back up the trail if there is no meeple in the necessary relative position to fulfil the event.
That is correct. Always three for players to pick.
thank you
I misspoke earlier. I should've written "icons" instead of "tokens".
Fixed.

Thanks for the catch!
It’s still your turn until you say your turn is done. Plus, replacing the park card happens immediately. So yes, you can wait to see the new park card before deciding to fill your canteen.
I just won by using this exact same situation. We thought it was within the rules, but clearly it felt broken.
You only get the camera on the vista site or when you are visiting/using a card that depicts exactly the same camera pic as on vista site.
You choose one of the three actions.
You can only visit one park at a time.
Don't forget that you can also visit the parks on one of the trail sites so you're not limited to 8 parks. And you can copy a spot. So if you combo your actions correctly you can visit a lot more!
Thx Claudio
Hi there! I also assume that the Gear cards works exactly as the Park cards so you reveal a new one when a Gear card is purchased.

Cheers!
Yes, anything you acquire or collect on your turn counts as being "gained" that turn. (This could include turning in an old Water token for a new Water token at the Lodge, thus allowing you to fill a Canteen with it!) This is specified in the rules. Version 1.1 of the rulebook says, in the "Common Questions" section on Page 8, "Canteens can be filled from [Water tokens] collected on a turn. ... You may use any [Water tokens] gained that turn to fill a Canteen...."
When filled.
You get the first player marker by being the first to reserve a park. The rule book says that after you've done so, any number of players can land there but they do not gain a first player token....full stop. It never says that it is just for the season. If you gain the token, do you just keep it the rest of the game? Seems a little OP.
I didn't realize there was an FAQ. That's a really bizarre interpretation.
This is a fair and valid point, and at no time did I say it was a flaw in the game. I will grant you, that it could be read that I implied it was a flaw.

That being said, we still found it to be an unfortunate and unsatisfying ending to the game. The final round of our 2 player games will always be driven by the way this rule works, which as I mentioned, I find annoying and frankly a little jarring based on how the rest of the game played out.
- Does any of the 2 Rangers move next? The rules state about a Ranger being in front or tied with a hiker, then it moves the back Ranger, but there is no back ranger in this case.
The tent gear card lets me spend my campfire to have a hiker revisit his current site. Is that considered his move? Or, can you spend your campfire to ‘revisit,’ as the text says, and then also move one of your hikers as usual?
Solo game:
1) Is this correct? A ranger does not take any actions at the various trail sites except for the Trail End site where he/she potentially may have three action choices depending on the cost of the gear that landed the ranger there. Therefore a ranger would not get the water tokens from the action at the Ocean site or the sunshine tokens from the action at the Valley site if he/she landed at these sites. However if actual sunshine or water tokens had been placed on any Trail site including these two, the ranger would get those tokens if he/she landed there, but would not get any other tokens, such as mountain or forest tokens placed on any site.

2) What happens if there are sunshine or water tokens on a Parks card and the ranger discards that Park card at Trail End? Do those tokens go back into the supply or does the ranger get them?
Yes, you can. It would behoove your opponents to not let something like that happen if they deem it too powerful. Also, the cap on resources often makes this sort of activity suboptimal and you find yourself jumping to the end before visiting every site anyway.
You have to keep moving forward.

There's a gear which lets you use your campfire on your current tile
Thanks so much!
Rule interpretation controversy between my wife and I...
Here's the scenario... A season card is revealed that places suns on all of the available parks. One of the parks is Rocky Mountain which requires two mountains, two suns and two waters to visit. You have two mountains, only ONE sun and two waters but there is a sun sitting on the park card. Should you be allowed to use that sun sitting on the park card to pay for that park? I say no, my wife says yes. My logic being, the sun on the park card is sort of like buying something and then getting a "rebate". You have to pay full price first, then you get something back.

Any thoughts on this?
If so, this one seems borderline impossible relative to the others. I mean, the others are pretty hard, but this is a notch above the rest imo.
Gain [1 Water] if you gain any [Mountain] on a turn.
So, normally when you do anything which gives you a water you may choose to fill up your canteen. I read this gear card as meaning "you can feel up a canteen for free," but I don't think that means you also get a water from general supply for free. I believe it means you can use the gear card to put a water from your personal supply onto a canteen and use it, but I don't think you get a free water from the supply, that feels over powered to me.
Discard one of your Gear or Year cards to the bottom of its deck. Then, you may take either the top card of the Year or Gear deck or any available Gear card.
Thank you very much. I still had to read the explanation a couple times.

See my post about terminology above is why I would never have guessed to play it the way you describe because they're two separate actions in separate slots in that white boxed area next to the green Ranger instructional icons slots. e.g. What's a space, area, slot, slot within an area or slot etc? That was the confusion.

Thanks for including an otherwise solid solo mode. I've started to not feel disdain for Rangers blocking my enjoyment of the Trail. Took about 15 solo games lol To be fair I haven't played a multiplayer game to see how other players deny others of cards or resources. I did play one solo game as if I were playing each turn to win for that virtual player.I solo just about all games that way. It was enjoyable but took too long.

Regardless nice game that I enjoy playing. A new favorite to the collection.

P.S. now that I have your attention for a moment. Do you have any relation to the National Audubon Society or just a happy coincidence you design a National Parks game?
Badges! We don’t need no stinking badges!
She ended up with one unused tile in our 5 player game because she used the 4+ as an advanced tile at the beginning set up, it should be used as a basic in a 5 player game. Thus we had one left over.
Hello there!

It is clear, if my Hiker steps on the site where i can exchange one token (maybe second time), i must to do it immediately..

But what if i just filled my canteen for the same effect? Can i wait for the second turn on in the same season?
Or like with the site, i must to do it immediately?

Thank you!
The Wide-Angled-Lens and Canteens both modify the current action, not give you a whole extra action.
Two different sunscreen cards
Yes, I get mine days ago.
I think the OP was asking about extinguishing their campfire to occupy a trail site already occupied. Their use of "copy" I think was inadvertent.

For the OP: to clarify, if you land on the River tile, you may spend 1 water and "copy" another hiker's location without physically moving as David B says above. And in that case, it can be any occupied tile (but not Trail End) either ahead or behind the River tile where you are currently located.
I would interpret it the same way. Thank you!
Ok scratching our head on this... how do the event cards come in top play?
I cannot give an official clarification, but I do agree on the first 3 points. All first 3 answers should be no. The reasoning is that they only capture weather tokens on the track.

So when looking at the wildlife expansion, there is a season where sun/water is placed on the trail end spots, I believe those are also not captured by the rangers.

Alright, now about point 4.
Government shutdown moves the rangers to the site before trail end. There could indeed be a weather tokens, which the rangers will pick up.
Remember that only one type of weather tokens on the tracker is removed when that type on the tracker is full.
Example: Tracker has 2 sun and 2 water. Ranger takes another sun -> 3 Suns active the government shutdown and therefore the Ranger would pick up a new weather token if there is one at this spot. If this is a water, the next Ranger card will also activate.

Remember that you can choose to remove a tent (if one is available at that site) when playing with nightfall.

The heat wave card is a bit different in my opinion. I always play that the rangers join the site where you are. This means that there is no weather token available unless you play with the nightfall expansion and a tent action was taken at that site. In that case the rangers will take the weather token and eventual actions should be resolved.

I hope this makes it a bit clear.
Is the second printing English rulebook online somewhere?
One person's "mean" is another's "well played". To me, that's just good tactics. It's one of the balances of this game. You can try to stop at lots of places along the trail to get all the resources, or you can try to get to the end of the trail first to have first shot at the actions at the end (including reserving a park).
My one houserule I use is to replace the Parks card that the first ranger would remove at the trail end. Those rules as written (RAW) aren't fun and there's nice artwork let's see it.
The Lookout trail site also allows visiting or reserving a park. There is likely a canteen that does the same but I'm not sure.
I have never played solo yet. But I'm wondering, if a ranger blocks the "reserve a park" slot and later my second hicker arrives at the end but I don't have enough resources to buy gear or visit a park, where does it go?
so im a bit confused with taking photos action. so whenever during my turn i am allowed to take a picture for any two markers? am i allowed to take multiple photos during my turn with more markers? or im completely wrong and player can take pictures only on dedicated picture/flask path tile? Thanks in advance!
Thank you
Great, thanks so much for the prompt reply!
For those who come to this forum looking for the same answer it would be nice if you posted the answer or even better a link to the place where you found it.
Note, you do not gain the camera from the wide angle lens gear cards. The only time you gain/steal the camera is when the camera icon is displayed along with the photo icon. At this point, considering the expansions as well, I believe the only time you steal the camera is on the base game trail site with the photo plus camera icon. See this thread for clarification:
I've gathered that Wildlife tokens are not allowed to participate in these trades in any way.
Can you quote the rule that means no chaining of visits? Just what is on the card certainly does not preclude it.
If you are the player who starts with the camera, when you land on the Vista space, does it cost you 1 or 2 tokens to take a picture?
Hi, im new to the game and have a question about the camera that fits in this thread, I think:

If I'm the second wanderer, who visit this Vista tile, am I allowed to steal the camera from the first wanderer, who just earned it?

Thanks for answering
(Emphasis added.)
The available gear cards are not refreshed (old ones removed, new ones drawn) each season, though some people houserule that they do.
Yes, this happened in the first season of our first game, and we made sure no one could do it again after that!
Thank you.
When it comes to doubt I use this logic - Ask a question, be a fool for five minutes. Don't ask, be a fool forever.
1. Yes. You can fill a canteen with any water you gain from any source, as long you fill it in the same turn you gained it.

2. Yes, but you can't go back to a previous trail position. This is the basis of the game strategy.
Most definitely.

Edit for clarification.
Correct, just like any other trail site.
I just tried this solo and I think I played it correctly, hopefully someone else will jump in here if I get something wrong.
Ignore the rule? Why??. It's the way the game have to press yourself. It has all sense.
Yes, like Bram said, they only pick up the Weather Token from a location if possible.
This is the correct interpretation! Specific resource cost discounts only ever apply if that resource is PRINTED on the cost on the card.
The rulebook says:

If a Hiker is ahead of both Rangers on the Trail, move the Front Ranger (the one furthest down the Trail)

My questione is: if my first hiker is already at Trail End, he's still "on the trail"(and then is front ranger's turn), or he is out of it?
In this case, if both the rangers are ahead of my second hiker, who has to move? The front or the back Ranger?
Yes! You can always visit at least two parks per turn, by sending both your Hikers to the "Visit a Park" space at the Trail End.
Then when the "Lookout" Trail Site is added to the trail, there's two more opportunities to visit a Park during the turn (if you have both hikers stop there).
So there's four opportunities to Visit a Park on the same turn. Then certain card effects will provide you with additional opportunities.
Ok, so what happens if one player ends with the last two hikers on the board? Can they just slowly advance on the board and take resources?
I was wondering if I had the choice to fill up a canteen first before taking a site action, or do I have to perform the site action first before filling a canteen?

Suppose I have a canteen that rewarded me with 2 suns if I filled it. And suppose there was a water token on the lodge, placed there by the weather. If I set one of my hikers on the lodge, I immediately take that water token.

Am I allowed to use that water token to fill my canteen first, receive the 2 suns, and then trade in those 2 suns? Or do I have to do the lodge action first (trade 2 for 2) before filling up my canteen?
That's how I read it, and how we've been playing. The first hiker to reach trail end and purchase gear or reserve a park gets the extra bonus (discount or first player marker) but I see nothing in the rules that prohibits you from having both hikers on the same action.
As Roel said, season and turn are two very different things. A turn is every time you have to move a hicker. A season ends when all hickers are at the end of a trail.

Trails is a lot simpler than Parks.

Nightfall shakes things a bit with tent sites, and turns the difficulty up a notch (both to learn the game and to make good strategy). Wildlife makes wild resources more important, since you need them for different things, but keeps the game difficulty low.
You only have to fill the canteen immediately when you gain the water (or wild, though this seems wasteful as wilds are so useful otherwise). You can use it any time between there and the end of the Season. It does not have to be used immediately. Note that if you do not use it by the end of the season the canteen is emptied and will have to be refilled in the next season before it can be used. I've never seen a Canteen get filled and then go all the way through a season without being used (at least once, sometimes more) but technically it can happen.

EDIT: This is all wrong, as noted below. Please disregard.
Thank you very much. I assume the rangers should work like this but the rulebook doesn't mention them specifically so I have to ask here.
Yes just wondering as other decks not used in full during setup were returned to box so thought there was a reason for all season cards to be out. Thanks!
5. Discard one or more of the token(s) from your original supply of 12.

#5 is the one that gives me pause. This is basically a free trade equal to the number of tokens you go over. That could be a huge benefit if played wisely.

For example, let's say you get 3 new tokens over your limit (Tent, Water, Water). Currently you have 7 suns, 3 Tress, and 2 Tents. Can you choose to simply discard 3 of the suns, keeping the new tokens (Tent, Water, Water) in their place? Just seems beyond the scope of simply discarding down to switch them out like that, but I think it is allowed based on comments I've read.
Thanks,
missed that.
Steve
And when canteen is emptied, the water is returned to the supply, the general supply, not your personal collection of resources.
They would have said this if they meant this. It would greatly simplify the rulebook and the interpretation.

In your example you cannot apply it to the gear, but you can apply it to the Park card.

In your example of Mammoth Cave:

- Two mountains is an always an option
- If you have sunscreen, you can use sun in place of one or both of those mountains
- You cannot apply sunscreen to a gear that manipulates the sun in order to visit a park. In your example the Trail Map cannot discount a Sunscreened mountain.

(This also should be ruled out because Trail Maps are easy to obtain gear in the economy of the game.)

This leaves us with:
- You can use gear that directly manipulates the Park card along with sunscreen as long as they aren’t manipulating each other.

I believe the answer to this is No also. Because they are stacking on the same thing.

Where I think you can apply it is if a PARK was like "2 mountain 1 forest 1 sun." and your Trail Map was the same and/or the Journal was PARKS cost 1 forest less to visit. These don't stack in any way and are legal moves.
No official clarification yet, but here would be my humble suggestions:
If a season allows you to pay 1 less resource, does it apply to fulfilling a reserved park?
Just coming back to this game after a break and we dealt out 4 parks. Came across this same weather card and wondered... we kinda liked playing with 4 park options!
I don't see anything wrong with your tweaks, but I think that either expansion will give your game new variability & deliver the fresh replayability that you crave.

Also, they are low cost (compared to the base game).
Wow... so I've been making the game much harder on myself than I needed to. Makes me much more proud of my 30+ score victories, then!
Absolutely!
Yes indeed!

UNLESS, you have the 'lens' gear(s) which allow you to take photos at a specific site. And yes, that would be a bonus action you'd do.
Yes, if you want to use your canteen, you must fill it and use it on the turn that you gained a water or a wild. Thematically, it's like saying you came upon a river or it rained and you have to take advantage of the fresh water when you find it. The canteens all give a bonus so it's not like you're storing water for no reason.
To your first point, in the solo game a gear card is put out each time it is the Ranger's turn to move. So starting on the players second turn, they will have an option to purchase a gear card, with more being available after each Ranger turn (keeping in mind they stack based on star value, so its possible all the gear cards could be the same value and therefore limit the purchasing options).

To your last point, I was thinking the exact same thing about the 3 star gear cards! It felt a lot like Pandemic, and it kind of ramped up the intensity as the rounds progressed. It made me think about which actions I should choose knowing that the rangers were increasingly likely to move 3 spaces and force the end of the round sooner.
1) Sunscreen and Rain Gear CANNOT be used with any of the other discount cards.
Thanks. I know it seems simple, but it actually broke our brains a bit trhing to determine how the two rules live together - max resource limit and the rule of "must be able to take the action on a site." If it plays how you say (which is what I'd be inclined to do as it makes sense and is more FUN, then is the "must take a site action" rule even restricting EVER? Like, where do you do see THAT rule ever coming into play that would limit someone, outside the example of it I gave above which is from the rulebook? (In our playthrough for example, our first site space on our very first turn happened to be the exchange site. Under this rule then, nobody could land on it to start with since they had ZERO resources to exchange. Outside of that, I didn't see anything that would apply to that rule and hinder form moving to a site - UNLESS the situation with 12 limit max were in play a specific way as noted above).
The difference is that you get that resource upon moving to that site, not as some other condition. You don't claim sites, you don't move to parks, so it's an apples/oranges comparison. One does not establish precedence for the other.
I agree with Adam. The Ranger moves a number of spaces equal to the sun icons on the Gear card. So when the Ranger reaches the Trail End in this fashion, the Ranger stops regardless of the number of icons which got him to that point. However, the number of icons ARE used to determine which Trail End action the Ranger takes.
Yes. Effects of the gear cards are cumulative.
I saw other thread and did not understand it quite well.

To have 12 at the end of my turn, means that if I have 11, and I move to the ... waterfall i get 1 sun and 1 water and now since i have 13 i have to immediately remove one of my tokens, but it could be once that i previously had in my?

Am i missing something?
, but the player turn progression is definitely still counterclockwise. There's even a first player token to indicate this.
Since journals only get you a discount from the printed resources in the park cards, I'd say it doesn't work with Season of Chance. For example, if I have something that lets me pay a water instead of a tree, if I have a journal that lets me pay one less water, it doesn't work after the substitution. Season of Chance basically is a different payment substitution, so it shouldn't work there either.
when the Rangers reach the end trail they go to the based corresponding with what number got them there, 1-3. They use the Green spots only? Or do they also take the actions in that same row?
My wife and I think that reserving a park with your very last hiker on the very last turn is just mean for the sake of being mean. You can't visit that park, so you're only going to look at the resources of the other players and just swipe it away for absolutely no benefit for yourself. This is very not cool, so we've said you can go to that final spot to take the first player token for 1 point, (if no one else has already), but you can't reserve a park.
specific forum, you will see at least one answer.

The first has been confirmed to be allowed.

The second is not allowed, as you need to copy a trail space, and end of the trail is not a trail space.
Lodge site does not allow me to gain the same token I turned in.
Which is right? OR which is lastest version of Parks rulebook?...
They get emptied at the end of each season.
This is all my opinion, but how I interpret this:
It is true, the wording could be more definitive, and allows people to interpret it for alternate meanings. Perhaps it needs to be written and understood as:
"You must take the site action to visit that site. If you do not or cannot, you cannot stop there. You may use any weather or gear tokens to provide the means to visit a site because they are at your disposal at the time of the visit."

I am pretty sure that's exactly what Keymaster intended...
English seems to have a way of not saying things as directly as it should. IMHO, "must be able to" = "you must end up doing it" at least in this instance of game rules.
The answer is hiding in the forums somewhere, I'll link it if I find it again but the gist of it was you forfeit your last action if you're unable to buy gear or visit a park and the reserve a park slot is blocked. The season just ends there.
Apparently, we did not play correctly because we gained two water per two forest gained on the lodge and canteen. But now that you pointed me in the right direction we will play correctly. Thanks.
Is it really? The card literally tells you "When you visit a park, you may visit another one".
Hi Tidus,
the wording in your rulebook is from version 1.1. This is the version published in 2020 by Keymaster games. If you download from their website this matches your rule book https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/1898/8501/files/Rules-NEWL....

A Google search for PARKS rules pdf brings up the tempting title of "How to play PARKS | Official Rules - UltraBoardGames" at, or near, the top of the list. They appear to be a re-write (rather than a pdf of the printed rules). Their text matches the download you made. Despite the claim to be "Official Rules" they appear to be a homemade version by a distributor, rather than the publisher. https://www.ultraboardgames.com/blog/ They are using the original rule set, as can be found here: https://cdn.1j1ju.com/medias/f9/b4/d6-parks-rulebook.pdf

Version 1.1 is the latest I can find. Use your rulebook.
Steve
Note: the Trailhead and the Trail end cannot be copied as they are not Trail Sites.

In contrast, the Lookout Trail Site can be copied to visit a park:
I don't agree with the rule and frankly I ignore it. It makes no sense and makes the game harder for no reason. Why should you not be able to reserve a park when you're playing against the rangers instead of a person.
Yes, you are forced to move to the Trail End.
Except remember that the tokens on the Canteens are returned to Supply at the end of the season. As once you put them on the Canteen cards, they're no longer usable by you, so should not be counted against your 12 token limit.
Yet another question (I'm sorry): For the discounts on gear cards, does a park need to have both of the depicted token in order to get the discount? For example, can I use a Compass that discounts a Splendor and a Rain token on a Park that only requires Splendor tokens?
No, you are not limited to your other hiker. It works for any hiker.
They stay on the card. Also, those are season cards, not gear.
Oh wait, you mean that i can reserve a park at season 1 and pay for it in season 4? Right?
So, i dont need any additional moves in order to pay for an park (not including that facts that you need to pay for it with your tokens)
4) If your hiker gets there first, and a ranger gets there second, the ranger just moves to the reserve a park slot (missing the first person token), but closing the 'reserve a park' action to your second hiker.
I recall seeing in the rules that you must always move your hiker at least one storage forward. I see the Tent action as being a case where you can spend your campfire to visit your start or end of your move location again.

So I don't think it counts a move.

See below for my final conclusion. (I.e. it modifies an action and does not grant an additional action).
I’d say no as well. Visiting and reserving are treated as different actions in the game. The PARKS spot on the card just means you can take ONE of the PARKS actions.

As soon as you go for a card you have already decided which action you’re doing.
Based on this, does it mean actions can only be copied from basic sites only or can actions also be copied from advanced sites as well?

Thank you!
Consider the cases:
- Both your hikers arrive at Trail End before the two rangers. Each hiker gets a final action (as they arrive) and rangers get no final actions.
- Both rangers arrive at Trail End before the two hikers. Each ranger gets a final action (as they arrive) and only one hiker gets a final action.
- All other cases: hikers and rangers get a final action as they arrive.
.

Note the relevant icons,
1) on the Trailsite
You can only visit one park at a time unless you have gear that says otherwise.

When you take the Reserve action you do need to actually take a card and reserve it.
From the rulebook "this gives them a 1 Sunshine discount on their Gear purchase". So those aren't free resources, they are meant as a discount on the purchase of new gear.
Thanks for your response. In question 2 I asked which choice is correct, so I wasn't sure how to interpret your answer. Please check the question again.
Thanks again.
Ah, I see. Thank you
Okay, finished my first solo game and had a good time with it. A couple of questions came up in my mind (a couple may be obvious, but might as well make sure).

1. When the Ranger hits the Trail End on the bottom section all the 3 gear is shuffled back into the gear deck. Is that all the 3 gear currently on the board or does that include all the 3 gear in the players hand?

2. For the Event Cards; the Rangers only pick up and use the weather tokens that are placed during each season set up? (that is, they don't use or pick up supplies like 2 waters from the Ocean and use those for the Events)

3. When player buys gear; I assume they can only chose from the top of each pile, correct?

Thanks in advance...
Thanks Cameron,
That is what I was doing; as explained in my immediately prior sentence. Not sure why Marcus quoted one without the conjoined sentence.
Steve
And what if the parks available aren't what anyone wants? How do you churn the available parks? What if the next one to come out is better? There's tons of parks and the resources could be spent again on many other options.

Also you only get 1 point for having the first player token at the end of the game, not each time you take it.
Hello! I just check my game and I also have the 2 sunscreen cards...
I just mix everything together.
Where is this sentence from? I’ve scoured the base game rules (v. 1.2) and the Nightfall expansion rules (v. 1.0) and I don’t see it anywhere.
I agree with Tiago Sousa's assessment of "the rule of shuffle back every 3 sun cost gear.". The rules should sat that imho.

One big problem of stacking them instead of discarding them as they're replaced is the shuffling.

When you have stacks of cards such as the set collection game Dead Man's Draw. that's a big problem shuffle stacks post-game that have the same suit and or value.

I don't buy much gear at all in solo mode. but that's just me and I've only played a handful of games with different strategies. that may change.
In all of the above cases (from the base game) you gain (or keep) the camera.

I assume that Claudio is referring to something in an expansion (that I don't have)
Ok, I get how these two seasons work,but at the end of the season do the unvisited parks retain the resource thereby being available into the next season? Thanks for any help.
I believe this is incorrect. The second ranger just joins the 1st "If a second Ranger reaches the Trail End and would occupy the same space as the previous Ranger, nothing happens."

Reserve a Park remains open since you haven't claimed the first player marker for the season.
3) If your hiker gets there first, they move to the first player token space (rather than moving across to the right), effectively blocking it from rangers, but also still get to reserve a park. If your second hiker then arrives they just move across to reserve a park slot but first player token is safe with the player/hikers.

I think my confusion is in scenario 3 - is it ok to move a hiker in to the first player token slot when they arrive first (which is the left slot), or, as per multiplayer rules, should they actually move across to the right slot, leaving the first player token slot vulnerable to getting swiped by a ranger?
Plus, they got the trail end bonuses that the slow player now will not get!

Timing is everything in this game.
EDIT - go read the official post below.
on #2, I assumed the same thing (they are optional).. (but that's an assumption at this point)
Should we draw another gear card to determine which Trail End Action the AI would take even there was 3 sunshine tokens on the previous gear card which was used to determine how many space the Rangers will move down the trail?
Does copy location trigger gear effects?
When you go to river (Spend 1 water to copy the action from another site occupied by a hiker.), copy a forest location (hiker is present) and you have gear that like Water Filter (you can get 3 water instead of forest on forest location), does it mean you can get 3 water? I tried it in BGA version of Parks and it didnt allow me to get water so I was surprised.
Hello. I played my first solo game of Parks last night (after stumbling through a couple tries which I had to re-start mid-way through because I messed up the rules…ugh!)

1. When a Ranger Tracker card says to “Discard all of your Water tokens”, does that also include discarding any water tokens that are on Canteen cards for the round? I would assume that those Water tokens would stay on the Canteen cards because they are eventually cleared off those cards at the end of the round…just like in a multi-player game.
Yeah, the rangers stop for NOTHIN'.
Hi Channas,
you select any hiker on a different site; you copy the action of the site occupied by that hiker; your hiker does not move.
Hope this helps,
Steve
Hah! It's not in the rulebook!

From the youtube playthrough that Keymaster Games did, it looks like you replace the gear when a gear card is taken (always at 3). c.f. time stamp 17:30.
In my mind a season is a turn, every turn you pick a new season card right? so....
In regard to the solo game, when you choose to move to slot one at the trail end,
you have to choose either the reserve a park space OR the first player token?
And if the Ranger is the first to arrive in the first player space, the Rangers get the first
player token?
Also, correct me if I'm wrong, but in the multi-player game, if you are the first hiker in that top slot you
get the first player token AND you can reserve a park.
Hi everyone,

I've offered this game to my parents in order to vary from Wingspan, which they love and which we played a good 15 times in 2020... I love how much faster it is, with quite a few similar mechanisms (collect resources to buy cards out of 3 available, secret individual objectives etc etc...) so it was really easy to explain.

But in our first play I had the impression that the hiking path is a bit too narrow for 3 players, and quickly I added the 4-player waterfall tile during setup, since we're not necessarily fans of competitive playing and especially the constant strategy of "blocking others" by not moving or slowing down.
We still compete for spots and the ressources every seasons, but we visit a bit more parks and have less instances of "Everything is occupied so I have to go to the finish tile"...
Objectives still feel challenging enough by the way, even with the extra ressource on the way.

Id imagine it would then fill tiny at 5 players with the same amount of tiles !

Am I the only one to enjoy a longer and less busy path hence quieter hike?
Binoculars just allow you to take a wild in lieu of the normal resource provided at respective locations (e.g., take a wild instead of two water at the Ocean, two sun at the Valley, etc.). The tokens placed as part of the weather pattern are gained in addition to this benefit and as Shiresan said, are discarded at the end of the season if not visited.
thanks
This is no translation mistake, but a rule change. In the first English printing it was not allowed to use wildlife to purchase gear. This was changed for the second printing. The German first printing is based on the second English printing. Thus the German rules are correct!
3. This event is triggered with 3 Sun tokens. According to the rules I first activate the event (moving the Ranger to the site before Trail End), then draw a new event and then remove the 3 Sun tokens. But the site where the Ranger lands has a Sun token. What happens with that token? If the Ranger picks it up, it cannot be placed on the Ranger tracker when the event is being triggered. Do I leave it on the site, remove it from game, or place it on the tracker after removing the other tokens first?
I am relatively new to the game, but here is my interpretation:

1) Last hiker means last hiker, not last player, so I assume that last player can take their time on the trail if they want to.

2) I don't consider the Trail End as part of the trail, so I don't think it is valid to copy that action. Plus, having only one hiker able to do that action would seem to also say it can't be copied and done a second time.

But, that is just my interpretation.
As I've read some of the questions here, it seems we have been playing differently. The rule book didn't say to take EofT action immediately... once all of our hikers were at the the end, we didn't know if Reserve should take place before Visit... i.e. a hiker may reserve one that the other play had hoped to visit. We decided to go TOP to BOTTOM, RIGHT to LEFT. But we wondered why it wasn't mentioned.

Now I see that folks seem to be taking the action IMMEDIATELY which does solve the problem I guess... just felt odd. We've been holding off until all arrive and them one-by-one, moving the hiker back and taking the action and sometimes this can be mean.

Thoughts?
I'm a bit confused about the solo rules as it pertains to the number
of rangers in play. Are you playing against one ranger, who uses
two hikers? Or three rangers, with six other hikers on the trail?
1: Do the rangers gain sun when using a campfire with them during the season of sunshine?

2: Do rangers gain water/ sun for removing the parks that have them during season of rain/ splendor?

3:The highway tile gives other players a sun, do rangers gain this?

4: finally, the event decks heat wave and government shut down moves rangers to locations that could have resources. Do they gain resources? If they and it is sun, does it go on the event card after it is resolved, or discarded as the event is yet to be emptied?

I believe that is all the possible ways a rangers could gain a resource, but the books reference mentions landing on a weather token as the only way to obtain resources. As such, I have assumed the answers for each to be:

1: no
2: no
3: no
4: yes, and they get the sun after the event resolves.

Is there any official clarity to this?
When playing with both expansions do you mix all the parks cards or as mentionned in nightfall you take the 24 cards from nightfall and 24 cards from base game + wildlife?
This is an idea that the designers heard from many fans and loved internally, which is why it was implemented in Wildlife. We're glad so many others like it too!
The only thing not allowed to do with a wild token is to fill a canteen (that would be too cruel for the poor animal).
I missed this rule but went back and read it. Thanks!
Thanks!
Correct.
LOL that's three cards stacked on top of each other!
In Wildlife, the Bison moves when you visit the park it’s sitting above. When a ranger visits the trail end and discards the park that is beneath the Bison, should that count as a visit and therefore move the bison?
WILDLIFE is considered a token for the limit of 12?
That's how I read it as well. She states "any time you visit a park", then goes on to give an example using the new cards. But that is not the totality of the condition. "Any time" is "any time". Some may consider that to be too powerful, but with token limits (12) and the typical costs of parks, there will be a practical limit even if there is not an explicit one. Best case scenario is you may get six 2-resource parks, but it would take an amazing alignment of luck and skill. Chaining 2 or 3 would be a good, typical play, with 4 being rare but fantastic, and 5 or 6 being legendary plays.

EDIT: I remember there are cards that can provide discounts on parks, so in theory, with no restrictions, more than 6 might be possible. I don't know how many 2-resource parks there are in the game, etc. Even so, we are bringing up amazingly unlikely scenarios. I stand by 2 or 3 would be a typical well-planned execution of this effect, with anything else being extremely unlikely.
4) in the rules - camera:
Right now I am playing a game on BGA and I am the last player in a 5 player game(This is the first round)
(1) If I never gain the first player token, will I always be last?
(2) If I gain the token for a round and then lose it the next round, what place in turn order will I be in?
Unless I am missing something, I can not find this in the rules, at least on the BGA site.
This can oftentimes be a bigger decision than it might at first appear.
This is probably a real dumb question but the if there are any tokens on the trail at the end of season, they simply get discarded correct as the trail is reshuffled?
May I have 12 "normal" and an unlimited number of wildlife tokens at the end of my turn, or wildlife also counts as a token?
Add one more: the Gear and Year card symbols are both draw a card from the top of the deck for free.
Hello,

Could someone explain what a set is?

The collector card states - 2 points
Per Set of 2 3 4 point parks.

Thanks!!!
Does the 1st Player token stay with the player that claimed it for the rest of the game, if no one makes another reservation next Season? Or does it automatically rotate clockwise? Also can’t find this in the rules!
How would the ranger move ahead to the Trail Head? That's moving in the wrong direction. Do you mean Trail End? If you're on the last site of the trail before the Trail End, and the Ranger would land on your space, it goes to the Trail End like normal and does its actions. There's nothing in the rules implying it would do its actions any different if moving one ahead would cause it to go to the Trail End.
Just chiming to to help clarify, you MUST move forward to a new space on your turn, even when using your campfire. The only exception to this is a gear card that specifically allows you to stay in the same space when using your campfire.
Hi,

In solo play, when a ranger reaches trail end and has drawn a one-cost gear card to move there, they move to the reserve a park space. Have i got these following scenarios correct?

1) If a ranger is the first person there they take the first player token slot. This means if your hiker arrives second they will just get to reserve a park (but lose the first player token).

2) If a ranger gets there first, and the second ranger then joins them second, ranger 1 gets first player token, ranger 2 moves across to reserve a park, and this pulls any of your remaining hikers to the trail end - but the final player action can no longer be 'reserve a park' as it is closed by ranger 2.

3) If your hiker gets there first, they move to the first player token space (rather than moving across to the right), effectively blocking it from rangers, but also still get to reserve a park. If your second hiker then arrives they just move across to reserve a park slot but first player token is safe with the player/hikers.

4) If your hiker gets there first, and a ranger gets there second, the ranger just moves to the reserve a park slot (missing the first person token), but closing the 'reserve a park' action to your second hiker.

I think my confusion is in scenario 3 - is it ok to move a hiker in to the first player token slot when they arrive first (which is the left slot), or, as per multiplayer rules, should they actually move across to the right slot, leaving the first player token slot vulnerable to getting swiped by a ranger?

Thanks for any help!
Perhaps, you mis-read that this section included, that is of no benefit to them?
Yes. The rules make spending water rather open including being able to spend water gained at the same time as a canteen on that same canteen. I don't know what prevent you from spending gained water from a canteen on other canteens.
I confirm. It stays.
My pleasure! I’ve spent many happy hours playing Parks (multiplayer and solo) so I’m happy to help someone else enjoy it as much as I do.
In a 2+ player game when a gear card is taken, it is immediately replaced on that gear slot (one of three slots). In the solo game, the hiker can take one of the three gear cards that are on top of one of the three gear slots, but that gear card is not replaced even if the slot is empty. If there are more than one gear cards on one of the gear slots, the next gear card that is now on top of the pile is the one available to the hiker on future turns. If a ranger moves to the bottom slot at Trail End and shuffles all the three sunshine gear cards back into the gear deck, that three sunshine gear card slot stays empty (not replaced) until a ranger draws a three sunshine gear card and it is placed on that three sunshine gear card slot. Correct?
Thanks.
When a player Visits or Reserves a Park with a token on top, the player also gains the token. The token may even be used immediately toward the Park or in a Canteen.
Does possession of the camera (independent of the Gear) allow the Gear action to be performed for 1 resource instead of 2? Or are they totally independent of each other?

Edit: It
Trail end is... at the end so it is the furthest possible forward spot for anyone.

Yes, you can use the compass for just one of the 2 discounts if that's all the park has.
Hey y’all. This may be a silly question. We had our first play last night and had a question I didn’t find resolution on anywhere else. With my first action, I advance one of my hikers onto the trail from the trailhead. With my second action am I required to advance my second hiker onto the trail as well? Or can my first hiker continue on the trail and my second hiker lies in wait at the trailhead until I see the right opening for them to advance onto the trail?
From 3. >>that action can't be reserving a park since ranger 2 is on it<<
I don't believe that is correct, but I may be wrong.
From the rule book on page 11: "If a second ranger reaches the Trail End and would occupy the same space as the previous ranger, nothing happens." I interpret that to mean if both rangers are on the top slot at Trail End, then the Reserve a Park is available to a hiker - because "making the Reserve a Park slot unavailable" is cancelled.
Discussion of this topic.
https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/2331284/last-two-hikers-lef...
I took this literally. You apply the ability only to the token symbols on the PARK cards.
Also the stack of 3 cost gear cards gets shuffled back in to the main gear deck each time a ranger lands on the bottom section of the trail end.
I am wondering what the 5th Advanced site tile is?

If you mean the one marked with 4+, that isn't an advanced tile, it's considered a basic tile and goes into the trail from the beginning (shuffled with the rest of course)
Thanks! I love the game by the way, and can't wait to play it again.
Yeah. I'd say sun and water are certainly more readily available as the Valley and Ocean provide two of each respective resource. The weather patterns also almost always include a combination of water and sun.

My personal experience is that Gear cards tend to be most helpful in the first season or two. Purchasing them later in the game offers diminishing returns, considering they do not contribute to end game points (admittedly, I kind of wish they did to make them more relevant throughout the entire game).
Answered here:

https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/2251060/article/32632376#32...

Gear is replenished as soon as a gear card is taken. It is not in the rulebook.

The forum Search function is your friend!
And as a reminder, you can only fill a Canteen at the same time you gain water. I.e., you can't fill a Canteen with water that's already in your supply.
Its not mentioned clearly in rulebook
they carry over
Just a clarification as the OP mentions using campfire to copy the action of another hiker.
The campfire doesn't let you do this, it's the River tile that has the action to copy another hiker.
The campfire only allows you to move on a trail space already occupied by another hiker and then take that action.
This may just be the way the post was written, but worth clarifying just in case.
I've re-read rules a ton of times and always miss stuff or misinterpret things. that's why these forums are so great Ha!
Check the second paragraph in the screen shot.
I'm talking taking the park SPECIFICALLY to hurt the other player with ZERO benefit to themselves.
I didn’t mean to hijack this thread, but on the subject of hate-drafting, I find that it is group dependent. If I play with seasoned gamers, they are perfectly used to that as a normal strategy. In those cases, hate-drafting is not a problem. On the other hand, if I play with sensitive or new players, then it can sour the experience for them.

Personally, I use PARKS a lot as a gateway game to demonstrate to newer players how worker placement functions. So, because I use it for that, I usually don’t relish the hate-drafting aspects when I play with beginners. I like to ease new players into the hobby, and I have found that PARKS is excellent for that. So, I usually go for the non-confrontation experience.

So, I guess it all depends on who I play with. All that being said, if I play with a bunch of cut-throats ... I say bring it on baby! lol
Also note that wildlife tokens I mentioned can be used in place of water, sunshine, forest and mountain tokens only to visit parks and take photos. They can't be used to buy gear or fill canteens.
1. You can either buy gear when one of your hiker reaches the trail end or lands on the park/gear trail site (in both cases you buy the gear instead of visiting/reserving a park)

2. Just for owning the camera, you can take an extra picture at the end of the season - however there are many other options where any player is allowed to take a picture (including the one controlling the camera who can always pay any 1 resource instead of the required resource(s)

3. This one I'm not totally sure on, but we always play it so that you only have to discard down to 12 resources at the end of your turn, which means there was never a reason not to pick up the resource first
The question.
Good ideas. Better idea (imo) buy the expansions
1. Is there a limit for reserved parks?
2. Is there a gear limit? (A hiker can only carry a limited amount of gear )

This is not on the rulebook so we assumed that there are no limits but I wanted to double check.
Well said. Thank you.
I think the rules are pretty clear that play proceeds to the left; however, I first learned to play PARKS at PAX Unplugged 2019 at a Learn & Play event. The teacher did not appear to be properly prepared.

It was taught that the Hiker that was farthest back on the trail played next. Is this buried somewhere in the rules or just further indication that this particular Learn & Play was not good? Is it a well known variant?
To clarify the Camera. It's action happens after everyone is at the Trail End (end of the season/ end of the round)

Camera action: only if you have the camera can you decide to return one token including wildlife to the log tray to take one photo token from the log tray. In effect you get a bonus action and only have to spend 1 resource instead of 2 to take the photo. You keep the camera for the next season until someone takes it away at the Vista trail tile by paying two resources to take a photo. Note: the wide angle lens gear card can't take the camera away. Note: they can take the camera from you at the Vista even if one or more of your hikers is at the Trail End tile prior to the end of the season/round. Who said this isn't a cut throat game lol

Also note that wildlife tokens I mentioned can be used in place of water, sunshine, forest and mountain tokens only to visit parks and take photos. They can't be used to buy gear or fill canteens.

And yes remember to light your campfire if it's extinguished as soon as one of your hikers gets to the Trail End tile no matter what action they take there if any. It's easy to forget in the heat of battle (get it lol). This way your other hiker can use it on the trail if they need to. And it's available for the next season if they have to relight it.

Also remember the season ends when there's one hiker on the trail no matter who it is. They DO get to take an action. In the solo mode they don't. I'm making a video on the solo mode fwiw
May be of interest:
I sent the following questions to Keymaster Games. Their response is below the questions.

Questions:
Solo Mode: Let’s say a hiker is on the top slot at Trail End and is on the space to take the first player marker. A ranger also is on the top slot at Trail End. According to the rules, this Reserve Park action is no longer available until the next season.
1) I then move my second hiker to Trail End. He/she does not have enough tokens to take the Gear or Visit A Park actions. Where does that second hiker move and which actions are taken?
2) Instead of moving my hiker to Trail End as in 1) above, the second ranger moves to the top slot at Trail End. Where does that second hiker move and which actions are taken?

Answer from Keymaster Games:

"I think the answer to both questions is that it is possible to get boxed out of taking actions at the trail end by Rangers. This should be an edge case. Meaning they are usually boxing you out of making your ideal choice, but not all actions. But if you’re not able to do any of the actions then you simply wouldn’t get a trail end action with that hiker."
Hopefully I'm just overthinking this but the year scoring cards don't really seem to be all that grand....

For example, the year scoring card that has the 4 pictures for 1 point. Does that mean if you gain four pictures by game end you just score 1 additional point? Or in other words, for every 4 pictures you acquire you gain a single point. EG: 8 picture tokens = 2 additional points.

That really doesn't sound all that great to me. Unless I'm getting this totally wrong....
I have same question. But given the "ranger that is moving is the active ranger" rule quoted above, I would assume not.
Just not the end of the trail.
RAW, yes it is allowed. Since the compass cards give you a discount when visiting a park, and the Park Pass is two separate instances of visiting a park, the discounts apply both times. The counter would be if the compass cards indicated "once per season, you may visit a park for X fewer resources". But it doesn't indicate as such.

This is one of those combos that all players have to keep an eye out for and prevent someone from getting. To get all three of those would have to either be stupid lucky shuffling or your opponents didn't bother trying to get them before you.
I'm glad they didn't add this; this would go against the Park Pass gear card automatically, depending on the player's interpretation. And as I mentioned earlier, adding layers of details would make it harder to mesh the rules with future content.
Just played solo for the first time and there are some things I'm not sure about.

Gear - the only mention of gear cards in the solo rules is about using them to move rangers.

Does that mean you can't buy gear in the solo game?

Rangers getting tokens - I played that rangers got sun and rain tokens when a) they land on a card that has any of those tokens from the season's weather effect and b) they land on a card that gives you them (from the icons on the card).

Is that right, or is it only from weather?

Canteens - the rules say you empty canteens at the end of the season.

Do you then discard them or can you fill them again in future seasons?

I have a feeling I made the game much harder than it should have been. I'm not good at working out what to do unless something is specifically mentioned as allowed or not allowed in the rules, and these rules are not written in a way that works for my neurotype.

Any help gratefully received as it's a lovely game.
There is no need to keep randomizing the advanced tile deck, because those tiles are never revealed until they are in-play. You need only shuffle the 4 advanced tiles once, at the start of the game.
If you reserve it in the hopes to build it and don't, tough luck. If you reserve it to keep it out of the hands of another player, then mission accomplished.
I'm also not seeing how you get more canteens and things. If I land on forest for example and I'm first there i get the sun or the water and either way I get the forest token. But can I do anything else there?
This is correct. In order to land on a space you must be able to perform its action.
Thank you both, and I appreciate the back up to the rules, Barry! Definitely makes sense.
I wondered the same thing when I looked at the card. It looks like you may fill a canteen for free with a water token from the supply (log not your own) when you purchase the Gear card because that's what it's ongoing ability is as clarified on the FAQ page. Made sense to me to match the card's ability.

However the correct answer above is kind of hidden in the rules and not in the otherwise helpful FAQ page.

pg 6 it shows the canteen as an example of an instant action:

"All Gear cards have ongoing abilities, but this one also has an [canteen lightning bolt symbol] action that rewards the player with a Canteen card when purchased."
Vous ne pouvez choisir qu'une seule action finale à la fin du sentier avant de terminer cette saison.
OK MAIS une seule action en tout ? Donc le dernier arrivé , randonneur ou guide ne fait jamais d action ... ?
Si Je comprends Chris a répondu à cette question en disant que les 2 randonneurs feront une action même avec 1 randonneur arrivé dernier ...
So, it's the first move of a new season and the first move is mine, i want the water but can I move here if my second hiker is at the start?
I don't think you do. Last sentence of rules under Events:

"Event Notes: The Ranger that is moving is the Active Ranger. If an Event moves a
Hiker to a Site, you do not also get its action."
I had a card that gave a reward for visiting 6 or more parks in a certain category. But it seemed like the only time that you have the option to visit is at the end of the season, but with 4 seasons in a year, in order to achieve these it seems like you'd need more opportunities to visit. Is there a time to visit other than end of year.
We don't do that, but we like the tighter aspect of the shorter trail.
No that can't be done. Rulebook pg 4: "Turn in a Water to copy the action from another Site occupied by a Hiker. Note: The Trailhead and the Trail End Are Not Sites.
The designer (Henry Audubon) clarifies in the following thread that "For the purposes of solo mode, trail end counts as part of the trail."
How does {Lodge] work? Turn in any token to gain any token. You may immediately do this a second time. Wildlife cannot be turned in or gained here. You may gain the same token you turned in.
in the reminder for the END OF SEASON
Title amended to be search/browse friendly. In the rules forum, please make sure the title of your post describes the contents to assist others looking for answers to the same questions.
1) In solo play at Trail End, when a ranger discards a park card by taking one of the three actions there, the ranger does not get the water or sunshine tokens on the card. Those tokens are put into the general supply. Correct?

2) In solo play at the Lookout trail site, a ranger does not take any actions at that site (no park or gear actions) but gets the sunshine or water tokens that may be on the Lookout site. Correct?
I dug out the card.

Specifically it says, "Spend your Campfire to have your [hiker] revisit their current [site]" where [hiker] and [site] are icons.

I see three bounding rules:
- You only ever control one hiker
- During any turn of the game, only a single hiker can VISIT a single site.
- The words "REvisit" and "current".

The way I would interpret it is:
- You spend your camfire
- You do not move your hikers
- You select one of your hikers to revisit their current location.

After looking into this, I change my opinion above, to say, it's only a modifier, it doesn't let you double up actions.
Rules v1
Also, you don’t actually move your hiker to copy the action.
Hey ho,

In solo mode, when the Ranger card says to “Move your Back Hiker to the closest Ranger down the trail” or any of those “move hiker” cards, do you take the action there when you’ve moved your Hiker - as in collect rain or sun as it’s printed on the Site?

Thanks in advance!
Then don't let her do that. It's a choice you make, not a flaw in the game.
Using the tent is a function of moving onto the tile, not part of the site action, so even if the tent is still there, you can only copy the site action, you cannot elect to use the tent.
Oh my
Exactly. If one extra park only is intended, I can understand how it it would be a bit difficult to word it in a concise way that still correctly conveys the proper effect. Perhaps "Each time you use a "Visit a Park" action, you may visit 2 parks instead of 1" or something similar. I honestly don't care either way, provided I know the intended effect, and can communicate it to my fellow players, backed up with the authority of a response from an official source. So Jennifer, thank you.
Steve is correct here! The most update, current PDF of our rules (V 1.1 right now) can always be found at parksgame.com
I don't understand what would be the point of that? So you use water to fill your canteen, then you need to use another token so that you can swap it for another water and then use that water on another canteen? Why not just use that first water on that second canteen straight away? What am I missing?
Not sure who you're asking this to - we haven't found anyone yet to which this has happened.

Even if it only happens once in 10,000 games, I think the game rules should be complete. It should be clear what happens in this scenario.

The smart move is probably just to house-rule up front that they're unlimited, but it's just so weird that the game goes out of its way to say they're not, then doesn't clarify how it works if they run out.
When is the end of my turn?
What is a turn in this game? Moving a hiker or ending a year?
When I move my hiker I get resources and that is it, there is nothing else I can do at my turn other than mive my worker.
Just played with my daughter who acquired the card in Round 1. She used it every time thereafter when a hiker visited a park; effectively allowing her to almost double the amount of parks that any other player visited. By the end of round 3 we ended the game as it was impossible to compete.

Considering that the card can be purchased for a meager 2 suns, it makes more sense to either slow it to be used once per the entire game or not use it at all.

It would be interesting to get the designer to weigh in on the imbalance this card creates if one is allowed to repeatedly use it.
Here are a few examples to further illustrate my question:

Scenario:

Mammoth Cave (2 mountains) is available to visit.

Player's Gear: Sunscreen (Sunshine can be used in place of Mountains on PARKS), Trail Map (PARKS cost 1 Sunshine less to visit), and Journal (PARKS cost 1 Mountain less to visit).

Here are the ways in which the above three options apply to this scenario:

Example 1:
1) Sunscreen CANNOT be used with Trail Map or Journal. Therefore the player can either use the Journal to pay 1 Mountain OR can use Sunscreen to pay 2 Sunshine.

2) Sunscreen CANNOT be used with Journal but CAN be used with Trail Map. Therefore the player can either use Sunscreen and Trail Map together to only pay 1 Sunshine OR the Player can use Journal by itself to visit the park for 1 Mountain.

3) Sunscreen CANNOT be used with Trail Map but CAN be used with Journal. Therefore the player can either use Sunscreen and Journal together to pay 1 Sunshine (because you are only converting 1 Mountain to 1 Sunshine) OR the player can just use Journal to visit the park by paying 1 Mountain.

I know that options 2) and 3) lead to the same set of choices for the player but they arrive at these two discounted choices in different ways. This becomes important if a player has Sunscreen and only one of these discount cards instead of both of them. See next couple examples and how the three rule interpretations apply to these situations:

Example 2
Player Gear: Sunscreen and Journal.

1) Choices remains the same as Ex.1 (1M or 2S)

2) Choices are (1M or 2S)

3) Choice remains the same as Ex.1 (1M or 2S)

Example 3
Player Gear: Sunscreen and Trail Map

1) Choices are (2M or 2S)

2) Choices are (2M or 1S)

3) Choices are (2M or 2S)

These examples show that these three interpretation clearly do make a difference in how the game would be played. So which interpretation is correct?

There is theoretically a fourth option which is that Sunscreen CAN be used will ALL discount cards. However, I did not include this interpretation as a legitimate option in my original post since I think it clearly goes against the rule "and not to discounts from other gear." Since this line is in the rules, there clearly must be some discount card that Sunscreen cannot interact with. Nevertheless, I'll include this additional illegal (in my opinion) interpretation in the example anyway because it helps to clarify my point. The fourth option would go like this:

4) Sunscreen CAN be used with both Trail Map and Journal. Therefore the player can take Mammoth cave at no cost since Journal reduces the cost to 1 Mountain, Sunscreen converts the 1 Mountain to Sunshine, and Trail Map reduces the 1 Sunshine to 0 Sunshine.

I hope this extra post helps clarify the logic puzzle I am working through.

I'll conclude by restating the original question; which interpretation of the rules is correct?:

1) Sunscreen/Rain Gear CANNOT be combined with ANY discount Cards.

2) Sunscreen/Rain Gear CANNOT be combined with Journal but CAN be combined with Trail Map/Compass.

3) Sunscreen/Rain Gear CANNOT be combined with Trail Map/Compass but CAN be combined with Journal.


P.S. Congratulations for making it to the end of both of my posts!
The symbol with a hand followed by PARK (which is also found as the top action at the trail end) just refers to reserving a park.

The circle symbol with PARKS written inside it refers to both reserving and visiting, so you'll have to visit that action to visit the park.

Hope that helps! Let me know if you have any other questions!
So where it says in the rulebook "If a second Ranger reaches the Trail End and would occupy the same space as the previous Ranger, nothing happens" - that doesn't apply to scenario B above because they are moved to the right in to new slots and therefore not the same slot?

Whereas if they landed on slot 2 with a 2 star gear card, and the second ranger did the same, nothing happens? Same for 3 stars?
My opinion: If you visit and you cannot draw a canteen then you have not performed the site's action, so must take the photo.
Basically, a token that you have placed on a canteen is considered already used, or spent.
Seems reasonable to assume that Season effects are just lost if there are no tokens to give.
I can't find the rulebook posted anywhere online, not even on Keymaster games website. Anyone know where I can see the PDF? I'm most interested in reading the solo rules. Thanks!
A couple questions I haven't seen answered about the Lookout tile:

1. Does "Parks Action" mean both reserving a park and visiting a park? The person can do either?

2. If you are the first person to do a Parks Action or Buy Gear action through virtue of using this tile do you get the "bonus" of being first or must you actually go to the end of the trail tile to get these bonuses? So for instance, if no one has purchased any gear this season yet would you get the 1 sun discount? Would you get the first player marker if through this tile you are the first to reserve a park?

Thank you in advance for answers.

Best,

Jason
Keep in mind that if all other players reach the end of the trail and your hiker is the last one on the trail, it will be forced to jump to the end.
I ASSUME that gear cards are replenished as they are bought, however there is no specific reference in the rules to do so.

Does anyone know for sure? Do you replenish gear cards?
I am a little bit confused -- is it possible to fill canteen later? Could I take the canteen and fill it in next turt?
I had no problems with the rules. I agree that the "FAQ" section at the back would be better as sidebars in the relevant parts of the manual, but that's almost more of a philosophical debate.
It's helpful if you provide the text or perhaps photos of the cards. Not everyone looking to help is in a state they can open the box and lookup what you're asking about.
Thanks for pointing this out. Another example is that it can be used as the two resources needed to pick up the camera from another player.
I understand that in a game with 3 or fewer players, the first Hiker to buy gear receives a 1 Sunshine discount.

I'm playing solo. Is this discount applicable for each season or only for the first time that this occurs in the game?
No idea as far as official answers go, but in my experience, when a game introduces an infinite loop of some kind, limited resources aside, it's usually unintentional. In this case, if that were true, I'd agree with Chris and presume that it means when you visit a park as part of a visit a park action, you may visit one additional park. May be a case of limited space for maximum clarity.
1. The season of rain adds a water token on the current 3 park cards. What happens after tje season ends? Are the tokens discarded or kept on the cards? This is not mentioned in the FAQ of the rules.
Interesting. There is no version on the frontpage of the rulebook and in the wildlife section is a slightly different text as in both english versions.

"Die Wildtiere gibt es zwar in 12 unterschiedlichen Formen und Größen, aber alle gelten einfach als Wildtiere und damit als Joker. Wildtiere können nicht für Feldflaschen oder für die Aktion Hütte genutzt werden."
English:
"The wild animals come in 12 different shapes and sizes, but all of them are simply wild animals and therefore wild cards. Wild animals cannot be used for canteens or for the lodge."
Am I mistaken, or does Jennifer Graham-Macht's response indicate that you can chain park visits as much as you want using the Park Pass gear?
Just chiming in to clarify that this is the correct interpretation! You are choosing to EITHER reserve or visit when you take an action, and that the only way to draw from the top of the Park card deck would be by reserving it. Even if you COULD afford to visit it, you would have to wait until you could go take another PARKS action.
OK, so let's say I have 12 twelve tokens and I have just landed on a 'Park' trail that has a sun token on it. I am just about to visit a park that will cost me 4 tokens. Do I lose the sun token as I have twelve already or do i gain it as I'm about to spend four?
Thank you.
This canteen is just another way to "take Photo".
This came up in a game today. I had already reserved a park, and a few turns later my last hiker was one spot away from the trail end - and another player's hiker was behind me.

I did not have enough resources to visit a park or buy gear. So, in this situation, my only option at the trail end was to reserve a park. So: Can I reserve a second park?

If not, then do I move my last hiker to the end of the trail and do nothing? Or, since I can't take the action, do I just pass my turn - and the other player gets to move their hiker along the trail until they reach the end?

If I missed this in the rule book, my bad - I looked through a few times but didn't see it. Thanks!
I reached out to Keymaster Games through their website today, will update if I hear anything back.
"When setting up the Trail for the first Season, and the P A R K / G E A R Advanced Site (aka Lookout). In Parks: Wildlife, this site is always used as the Advanced Trail Site for Season 1 and on."
I may be overthinking this but do you have to take an action at the trail end? So if I didn’t have enough resources to visit a park, and I didn’t want to buy any of the gear (or perhaps couldn’t afford to) would I have to reserve a park?
No limit.

[It does not need to be mentioned in the rules because the rules say that you can reserve parks and the number is limited by the number of times you can take the action. In practice, it is self limiting because if you do it too much - you lose. The absolute number you will ever do varies with the situation, including your assessment of possible future moves. This gives that game another tactical knife-edge - you have to estimate the Goldilocks number for the current game - without having perfect information.]
Enjoy,
Steve
...you're only going to look at the resources of the other players and just swipe it away for absolutely no benefit for yourself.
Thanks for chiming in here Brandon! You are correct. Gear cards like Tent give and ongoing, new ability to be used on future turns. Similar to how you would use a campfire to take a turn and land with another hiker, if you have this gear card you can take a turn to flip your campfire and take the action of the space you are currently on.
Yes that is exactly what one remaining player with 2 hikers still in the trail as you describe can do. Perfectly legitimate.
Follow-up: with heat wave, when you move the back ranger to the closest hiker down trail, do the hiker and ranger occupy the same site or does the ranger have to move to the next available site?
If this is what you're asking

Rulebook pg 4:

River: Spend 1 Water to copy the action from another Site occupied by a Hiker

NOTE: TRAIL END IS NOT A SITE

Note: My post Edited for sloppy typing ; )
Hi! Thanks to @jeannedarc for finding that answer in the Facebook group. To clarify, that’s a response to a question about chaining with the Nightfall Expansion. The Nightfall expansion includes parks that allow you to take the “Visit a Park” action when you visit it. If you have the Parks Pass and you visited a park with this ability on it, you’d get to visit 2 more parks (if you have enough resources).

The Parks Pass card by itself lets you visit one additional park.
Yep! As mentioned above, you're playing correctly.

Playing the other way would greatly increase Ranger movement making them unbearably quick down the trail.
When ending the season is still not clear for me.
Does every player who’s first hiker reaches the end of the trail, have to
move his second hiker to the end, or is it only when both hikers of a player have already reach the end of the trail?
In the first case, why delight the campfire when your first hiker reaches the end of the trail because you can not use it anymore if you have to move in your next turn you second hiker to the end?

Thanks for helping :-)
This is very not cool, so we've said you can go to that final spot to take the first player token for 1 point, (if no one else has already), but you can't reserve a park.
"The Parks Pass card by itself lets you visit one additional park."

Is that coming from asking the designer of the game what the intent was? It is an inaccurately written card if so.
Played for the first time yesterday one thing was not mentioned or I miss for The movement/Gear cards of the Rangers I just pile them up on top of each cost and then the ones on top are the available gear to buy is that right?

It made sense to me like this
OK thank you very much
Have been misplaying this only using once per season.. thanks!
How you played the situation was correct.
4. What if there aren't enough tokens to put all the Weather tokens out?
Also, the one marked 4+, is only used in a 4 or 5 player game, hence the meaning of the 4+.
1. Yes, you get the token when you reserve the park or when you visit it
2. No, you don't add more tokens to the subsequent parks

Don't remember if this is referenced in the rulebook, but the designers have addressed this question a couple times in the forums
3. Suppose you have the red Water Filter and there are only 2 Water left in the supply. There are plenty of Mountains. So you are legally able to visit the Mountain trail site. Now can you apply the Water Filter to take 2 Water instead, even though you're supposed to get 3?
No complaints, really. The only observation is they had a few key clarifications in a common questions section at the end of the book that seem would have been better placed within the main rules of pertinent sections.
In the Common Questions section, it states that you can use the exchange token-for-token x2 (except wilds) effect to trigger an ongoing Season effect. As an example, you turn in a Sun to acquire a Mountain, which triggers Season of Snow's effect to gain 1 Water for the Mountain token. Then if you were to gain another Mountain, the last sentence states: "You do not gain an additional Water from the Season effect since it is one Water per turn."

So as it wasn't explicitly stated elsewhere, I just want to clarify that it is stating that you can only trigger the Season effect once per turn. There are 4 such Season cards (gain 1 Water/Sun after acquiring Mountain/Forest). Am I understanding this correctly?

Our group had been doing some crazy combos gaining multiple water tokens in one turn from that Season effect, using exchange/equipment/canteens in combination. So I think we went overboard with that.
Do you replace the three open park cards for new ones at the end of each season? I couldn't find it in the rulebook, but it seemed like a logical thing to do.
The rules are a bit ambiguous as to when exactly does that happen.

“A player’s Campfire will relight when one of their Hikers reaches Trail End.”

The way it is written it looks like it relights only the first time the Hiker reaches the trail. This, in turn, would mean, that it does not relight at the beginning of new season and it is up to the player to manage that.

Was that the intention? Or does it relight with both Hikers? If yes, why the rules doesn’t say “whenever their Hiker reaches” or “each time their Hiker reaches”?
Note about Canteens being included in this text ^ : I forgot the Lodge action may also be found on Canteens. The same rules for the Lodge apply to those Canteens, since each of them allows you to perform the same "action" as the Lodge.
Rules state: "When the fourth Season ends with its Photo opportunity, ...", so yes you still get a chance to buy a photo if you have the camera.
It is also strange in this regard that, for example, you can get water (lying on a park due season effects) directly from the reserved park without visiting the park. It would be no problem to leave the resource on it and to block it until you visit the park - maybe even strategically interesting. Not everything is logical
Did you already get your copy?
Don't forget that your canteens are emptied at the end of each season! They can potentially be used multiple times over the course of the game.
Can you use your campfire twice in one season?
If you are using the 1st player reduction in gear cost can the price of a one sun gear be reduced to zero? Many games have some rule where the price of something even with discounts can’t be reduced to zero (the cost of resources in Power Grid) for example but I haven’t seen that in the rules of Parks. It would appear that if someone has the right combination of gear cards and season cards then a small amount of resources Parks card could end up being free. Is that right?
The question is: do you leave the tiles empty and "skip over" them, or use the opposite token type instead, or something else?
If both Rangers reach the Trail End before your Hikers have completed their hike, all remaining Hikers on the Trail move to the Trail End. Whether you have one or two Hikers remaining on the Trail, you may only choose one final action at the Trail End before completing that Season.
The LODGE rule text says : "Turn in one token and gain any one token (EXCLUDING WILDLIFE)".

The way it is written, it could be interpreted that the exclusion only applies to the last part of the sentence, thereby allowing to exchange a wildlife token into any other token.
It is counterintuitive. One would think that you use the canteen by drinking from it, ie removing a water token. But actually, the canteen is "empty" when you get it, and you use it by "filling" it with water on the same turn that you receive a water token.
Ok, then. Back to playing it how I did the first time
I'm curious about which rule book passages created the questions in your mind in the first place.
Eh, one a time, but there's several ways to visit parks before restocking back up to 12. There's end of trail, twice, then the park action location, then the river that duplicates a location. That's where the real spending lies, in maximizing your resources to spend them at every opportunity rather than having to skip some chances because you don't have the resources.
the various tiles are shuffled at that point.
I really enjoy Parks with the expansions, but am confused by a couple of things in the solo mode when using Nightfall.

If both rangers start their turn on the same space, which one is the back or front ranger for the purpose of landing on or passing over the tents? Are they both the back ranger or both the front ranger?

If the back ranger overtakes the front ranger during a movement, does it remain the back ranger at that moment for the purpose of landing on or passing over the tents? I.e it’s now in front but because it started its movement behind it still gets to clear any tents.

Thanks very much for any clarification.
Hi Mountainfool,
to encourage you to follow Adam's advice, I'll add that all but two of my games have been 2-player, and we've been aware of this tactic for a while but find that it adds to the tension/excitement, rather than breaking the game.
* Yes, you'd like to stay behind your opponent but you may have to skip a site because you cannot perform the action (VISTA, LODGE, WILDLIFE & RIVER).
* You've reached the limit of 12 tokens and need to visit a park to turn them into points. Otherwise you are just swopping tokens about.
* Racing ahead to collect the extra tokens from the weather pattern may be more beneficial that leaving you opponent with two hikers on the trail.
* That available PARK really contributes to your Personal Year goal, and you can't let your opponent take it.
* You really, really want that Gear, or to take the camera, or that specific token.
* You want to force your opponent to put out their camp fire, so you skip a site to occupy one that would be of huge benefit to them.
In short, having the last two hikers on the trail is only one of a variety moves in any particular season. It can be game-winning but it can also be a diversion from gaining points. I'm sure you'll find more examples in other threads.
Have fun exploring,
Steve
The effects of both solo event cards "high winds" and "heat wave" require to move the back hiker/ranger "to the closest" hiker/ranger "down trail". The rules state that the hikers can only share a site with a ranger if you extinguish your campfire, and that rangers can never share a space with a hiker. So where is the "to" referenced in these cards? Is it "the same site as" ignoring the rules of not being able to share sites, or the site before or after? I couldn't find any clarification on this anywhere.
No designer has ever gotten around to answering this? We decided that it didn't count as the move because no other actions count as your turn, but I could see it going either way.
Yes and yes! You pick from the gear that's on the board, and they are not cleared from the board (unless a ranger picks that "return the level-3 gear" action at trail end).
rilos
I was so confused by this for the longest time, because I have the Version 1.1 rules. For some reason V1.1 doesn't include the name of the sites like River or Lodge, as I saw Version 1.0 does. So when the wildlife token section said "visit the River" I didn't have a clue what that meant.
They do go to the dark green spots and they stay there EXCEPT for the top slot. If you hadn't already gotten one of your hikers there first, the ranger takes the first player token. If a hiker has already gotten there and taken the first player token, then the ranger moves to the "reserve a park" and blocks it from your other hiker.
You move one of the two rangers forward on their turn.
Hi Samuel,
I've mostly played 2-player and I don't find the single strategy problem that Vincent has in his mindset. Positional advantage is just another factor to balance when deciding which trail location to go to next, as mentioned in my post just above. I find this is also true in 3- and 4-player games. However, this increases the complexity of the decisions on almost every turn and I wonder if this took it from being a "fun easy game" at a level that that Vincent sought. In general, I prefer games with lots of decisions per rule learnt, which PARKS does rather well - although on the lighter end of complexity for my own taste.

Each to their own,
Steve
1. The rulebook implies I cannot visit the Ocean if there is only 1 Water left in the supply, correct?
If you only reserve a park with a token on it, what happens to the token?
Yes, they are copying the entire action which includes gaining the camera.

I'm not positive on this, but I believe there's a rule that you must be able to do an action on a trail site in order to go to that site. I do not recall if the trail end is included in trail sites (too many PARKS rule books rattling around in the brain). If it is, then the answer is no. That doesn't mean it's yes if it isn't though. I don't have the book in front of me, maybe someone else can chip in. I'm gonna say no you can't as that jives with PARKS' friendly stroll through the woods vibe but it's by no means official.
Maybe a dumb question, sorry....For the Lodge site, you turn in any 2 tokens to gain any other 2 tokens. Do the tokens you turn in have to be any two tokens of the same type, or just any two tokens? How about the ones you receive?
You may be playing something else wrong. In my experience 10+ parks is pretty standard with two hikers, the "copy a tile" site, and the site that gives a park action, on top of the trailend. Are you playing that the "visit a park" space on the trailend is limited to one player?

As to the canteen rule, that's how the rule plays. I'm sure you could do a lot more if you didn't pay for the parks you visit as well, doesn't mean the rule isn't that you return the payment to the supply.
Not sure, think I might have done it either way
This is what the rules says:
Once a player’s two Hikers reach Trail End they will no longer
take turns for the Season. When only one Hiker is left on the Trail,
the player must move the Hiker to Trail End and choose an action
there.

My question is, say all other players have gone to Trail End and only YOUR 2 hikerss are left. Can you have one hiker at the very first site, and your second hiker at the last location before the Trail End, and the lagging hiker just takes pretty much ALL of the locations available one by one til the end? since according to the rule, 'When only one Hiker is left on the Trail'...so the player that only has hikers on the board is the only one playing at this point..?

my friends and i thought this didn't make sense, but i can't find anywhere in the rules that this isn't allowed, nor a few of the vids i tried to watch...unless i'm blind.

TIA!
How the FAQ lays out what happens is bizarre. The language even contradicts it. Visiting a park is paying for it and claiming it. How can you pay for something with something you don't have yet? Just seems weird.
Sorry for asking this, but we are really dumb.
We just played our first 2-player game of PARKS with the Nightfall expansion, but since we ran out of photo tiles in season 3 we strongly assume that we played that mechanic wrongly.
We assumed that you can take a picture every turn for 2 ressources (or 1 if you have the camera tile), and that if you did no possess the camera tile, that you take it after taking a photo.
Now, after some research, it seems to me, that you can only take a photo on a specific landmark tile (called Vista?), is this correct? If so, wouldnt that extremely limit the discount use of the camera tile, since there is only one? vista landmark tile? What other ways would there be to take a photo (other than visiting some specific parks)?
Yeah, thanks. It’s still needlessly ambiguous the way it is written. Second sentence mentioned actually says that players relit their Campfires when any Hiker (not necessary their own) reaches the end. The “combination” of rules, especially when almost repeated one after the other shouldn’t be necessary. One, properly built sentence, that would leave no doubt (“the way I read it”), would be better.

Something for publisher to improve on in next print.
This is very thematic! Love it!
Thanks! That is what we were thinking.
Each season you add an extra stop, one of them has a visit a park action, another has copy an action another hiker is on, so you could visit an additional 4 parks each season once they are both out and you time it right.

if you didn't play that far then yes you can only visit 2 parks per season
A developer may correct this, but I'm fairly sure you pick one. The "their" in this case refers to singular gender neutral, not plural.
Thanks Adam. That’s helpful for me too.

I have a related question. So am I right in thinking that new gear pulled onto a slot for the Ranger’s turn stacks up on top of any previous ones not purchased, even from a previous season? If that’s the case, are you able to purchase gear that was underneath (regardless of if it’s from the same season or not) a newly pulled gear card? That’s going off the assumption that the most recently pulled card has already been purchased. ie. you can only purchase the card on the top of a stack, and if there’s more than two that applies consecutively?

Example: In the second season, the ranger pulls a one Sunshine cost Gear card. This is placed in the first slot on top of a one cost Gear card that pulled in the first season. Next turn, I happen to pick up two Sunshine tokens. Can I use these tokens to purchase the most recently pulled one Sunshine Gear card, and then the one in the slot that was placed in the previous season?

Hope that’s clear enough. Even ChatGPT gave up on me about this . Thanks.
Your hikers have the same three options at the Trail End: Reserve a Park, Buy Gear (at no discount), or Visit a Park.
I can't speak for the solo game as I haven't played by those rules yet. But your understanding of the multiplayer rules which you wrote above is correct.


On a side - and unsolicited - note, your frustration with reconciling the differences between the solo and multiplayer (core) game is exactly why I advocate for always becoming familiar with the multiplayer version of a game before tackling the solo version.

IOW... There's a category of games which are designed ONLY for solitaire play. I call these games "Strictly Solitaire".* For these games, the core game is the solitaire mode! So to play solitaire, you have only one set of rules to learn, of course.

Now, due to the popularity of solo gaming, today's generation of multiplayer games also come with a solitaire mode with its own set of rules. Just keep in mind that these games were designed PRIMARILY for multiplayer play. Regardless if the solitaire mode was part of the design process from day one or tacked-on at the end, these games at their core are multiplayer games.

So if you want to play the solo mode of a multiplayer game, it's always best to play the core game first. Even if it means sitting down at the table by yourself and playing the game as if you were three different people. The point is to learn the core game. That's what the game was designed for after all!

Then after you're familiar with the core game, then look at the solitaire rules. As with most games, the solitaire rules modify the core rules. So understanding what is being modified and why, makes learning the solitaire mode much easier. And of course, it prevents any aggravation when switching from the solitaire mode to the game's native multiplayer mode.

The above is offered as general advice, born from my own experience, for tackling all games with solo modes.

* Here's a shameless plug for my Geeklist of "Strictly Solitaire" games:
One of my Hikers was first to reach the trail end so I took my desired action. The 2 rangers made it to the trail end before my last hiker so I immediately moved to the trail end. My question is; the rules state all remaining hikers move to the trail end and whether you have 1 or 2 hikers remaining, you get one trail end action before completing the season. So does that mean I don’t get another one because I took one before? Just confused if you are only limited to 1 action if you have 2 on the trail when the rangers reach the trail end.
so in one game, I use campfire and move my front hiker to the site where the front ranger stands.
Then on ranger's turn, the further-back ranger has to move, but the moving points happens to lead him to the exact site with my front hiker and the front ranger.

In this case, should the 2nd ranger still move 1 more space to be ahead of us?
I am already "disturbed" by the first ranger anyways...should this case made by campfire be treated as an exception?

A little silly, but I want to know how other players deal with this situation. Thanks!
As many hikers as you like can be simutaneously on a Trail Site but, as irianamistifi says, if there is one or more Hiker on the Site when you move there, you must extinguish your camp fire. If your your camp fire is already out, you cannot move to a Trail Site with one or more Hikers already there.
Steve
Solo mode: what happens when both Rangers are ahead of your hikers?

It probably has been addressed before and I might have overlooked the 500+ BGG posts on the game.... but I've tried to figure this one out from the rule book with no real answer (or maybe I'm just reading this wrong).

To make my statement clear, let's say we are at the beggining of a game (but this can happen later in a season, with more spaces between hikers and rangers):

- I move my first hiker to the first tile;
- Ranger #1 moves 3 tiles ahead;
- I move my first hiker from the first tile to the second tile;
- Ranger #2 moves also 3 tiles ahead (thus, 2 rangers on the same #3 tile)
- I move my second hiker to the first tile.
- Does any of the 2 Rangers move next? The rules state about a Ranger being in front or tied with a hiker, then it moves the back Ranger, but there is no back ranger in this case.

Do I play twice in a row (which would go against the first sentence on p. 11 stating alternate turns)? Or do I play one of the 2 rangers ahead of me (who are kinda wiping/cleaning out every weather token and making my hiking experience a disaster haha)?

Thanks for your lights, BGGs!
- Taking the "Reserve A Park" action is always free and you are never required to visit a park that you have previously reserved.
The one where you get a tree is pretty great as well!
Hi Donny,
I am afraid that I do not understand your comment. I understood Cannas' question was regarding whether your hiker moved to the campsite whose action you are copying, or not. Could you elaborate what you mean by, "no, you cannot copy the campsite?
Thanks,
Steve
I think that it's important to put the written rules into their full context...

Page 6 of the rules:
You can only use a canteen when you gain water. When you choose to use a canteen, put one of the water tokens you gained on the canteen to indicate it has been filled. It remains filled until the end of the season. Thus you can only use it once per season.

2 for 2. But you could trade, for example, a water and a tree for a mountain and a tree.
I would say you do both just like the multiplayer game. If your hiker is the first to get to the top white area then they gain the first player marker if they don't already have it and can reserve a park. so in other words the first player marker is a bonus when you're the first to reserve a park.
I wish people would say what the season card does instead of its name in these questions.
Yes you should.

(In our first game we were wondering why the "END OF A SEASON" on page 7 of the version 1.1 rules, did not include a reminder to re-light the camp fire ready for the next season. We then realised that this was unnecessary because "AT THE TRAIL END" on page 6 includes: "...When a Hiker arrives here, the player immediately relights their Campfire if it is extinguished, and then chooses one of the available areas for their Hiker...". Which is a very neat and concise piece of rule composition.)
Steve
Hey there everyone! I've gone ahead and confirmed with both the Designer and our Creative Director that this is in fact the intent. Gear cost discounts only apply to PRINTED resource costs, which means they would not apply towards the cost introduced here by Season of Chance.
When can you 'visit' a reserved park? Do you have to wait until the end of the trail or can you visit it on your turn if you gain the right resources? We played last night and just visited the reserved parks as soon as we gained the right resources. I think we visited a lot more parks at the end of the game.
The top slot or spot 1 is the only one that potentially blocks you from taking that end trail action. Using your example, if a ranger lands on the 3 slot, you have to remove the 3rd or right-most park from the board (parks removed by the rangers are not replaced until the end of the season) and shuffle back in all of the 3-sun gear cards. You can still visit a park with your hikers using that spot.
Thanks got it.

Trails is simpler than Parks, well by the loo of it, simplicity is what I need.

Am I right in understanding reserved cards are finally payed for in the visit parks stage?

There is one fo the cards I can't seem to figure out.
I own the German version so I translate is as being named something with peaks.

It shows a red mountain with a 6 on parks and take 3 markers on the card.
Most confusing, hope someone is familiar enough with the game to not need further description of the card.
Me and my friend played a few games this weekend and this is how we were playing it. I missed the part in FAQ regarding the lodge. Since the effect in the Lodge is pretty much the same for one of the types of Canteen cards I'm going to assume it's the same deal. Thanks.
I think I have the same interpretation. I would say that first compasses/trail maps/journals modify the *cost*, then sunscreens and rain gear can allow you to *pay* that cost using different tokens.

Would very much like official clarification though.
Just wanted to chime in to say that this is indeed correct. Thanks for helping to clarify Donny!
Isnt that weird. ...
Your wife is correct. The stack of advanced tiles, which does not include the 4+ player tile (waterfall I think?), is randomized at the start and, each new season, a tile is taken and added to the existing trail tiles. The advanced tile already in the trail tiles from previous is not removed and randomized again.
Not broken at all. Remember that the other players were able to use their Campfire token twice. If you keep both of your Hikers back, you cant use your Campfire a 2nd time, for the last Hiker.

Not to mention that for you to have both Hikers still on the trail while everyone else has already made it to the end, clearly indicates that they rushed and thus didn't gain from the trail as much as they could/should have! IOW, they played poorly. Nothing broken about that.
You don't replace them per the rules.

That said, we like to do this since we usually only play two players and it gives the game more variety. So if you find that the market gets a little stale and everyone you're playing with agrees on this variant it is okay to do so.
Donny is correct. This is no more of an advantage than having to discard cards when you exceed your hand limit in many card-based games: if you’re having to discard tokens then you haven’t been spending them wisely.

What I wonder is why you include “tent” tokens in your example. You can never gain tent tokens.
Yes, just one resource. And if there is one kind of resource needed (for example, a mountain to take a picture), if you have the camera you can use any resource.
With the v1.1 rules I now can trade in a mountain for a mountain during the season of snow and gain an additional water. This wasn't possible with v1 rules.
This move is not possible because you have to do the action. But since you are the first one, you can't copy anyone.
1) Rangers only collect weather tokens on the sites. Otherwise, they "screw up your plans" by blocking sites/forcing you to use your campfire. Otherwise, they do not do any actions.

2) No

3) No. However, when a ranger reaches the trail end, they take a park (1,2 or 3) depending on where they land. That park is NOT replaced until the end of the season. So again, screwing up your plans potentially.

Look at the solo rules again in the rulebook. It's all there.
I looked it up after the first play, and added it to my basket as soon as I read about the extra canteens.
...if you visit the Lodge during the Season of Snow and you turn in [Tree][Sun] to gain [Mountain][Mountain] there, then you will trigger Season of Snow’s effect and gain one additional [Water].
Unfortunately, since the rules include enumerated lists of both the allowed and disallowed uses, you could use the same argument to reach the opposite conclusion.
Hi all!

I have played twice now and I was wondering if I'm doing this correctly. When a ranger gets to the end of the trail and activates the two star option, the rules state "return the camera to the supply". Typically, on a normal game, the camera is just taken by another player when they activate a basic site. However, if I'm reading this correctly, once the automa takes the camera, it's gone for good. I've had really bad luck and I've lost the camera twice on the first season, so I haven't been able to take pictures at all during any of the end of seasons! Not to mention normal pictures will always be 2 tokens...

Is this intentional? I feel like this really increases the difficulty, or maybe I'm just getting very unlucky...

Thanks!
You take the action immediately. Keymaster Games has a playthrough up on their YouTube channel where all of the actions are taken immediately. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWSgByxmoKM
Hey All, question from a bilingual perspective. In the cheat sheet in the German version of the game, wildlife is explicitly mentioned as CAN be used to purchase gear.

However, in the English rulebook, it says that wildlife CANNOT be used to purchase gear. Which is it?

I would appreciate a publisher's official ruling, as I have two contradictory documents.
I read the limit of 12 token rule. I initially totally missed this rule. Now I have an application question..if you have 12 tokens at beginning of turn, I believe you can go to a trail site that only lets you add a token like valley or forest, add the tokens, then discard whatever tokens you want to get to 12? I believe this as the rule states “...If you have more than 12 at end of your turn...” noting word end.

If on the other hand the 12 token rule is in place during your turn you simply could not go to the trail site as it would put you over 12 and violate the rule “You must be able to take a site’s action in order to visit it”. I don’t think this makes sense at all.

anyone have thoughts on this?
3 points.
Allows sun or water to be used in place of mountains or trees on parks. So if you used 18 sun (maybe with 8 of them replacing the tree cost) would that count toward the “Year of Plenty” bonus?
That you had trouble finding the answer, hopefully the following excerpt from the rules will help, and will support Elizabeth's answer above. Note that the key word is, "either":

From page 3:
"On a turn, a player selects either one of
their Hikers and moves the Hiker to a Site of their choice down
Trail—anywhere to the right of that Hiker’s current location".
(bold emphasis mine)
I try to explain better: if Trail End is NOT part of the Trail, the Rangers ARE ahead of my only hiker ON THE TRAIL (and so the back ranger should move).

If T.E. IS part of the trail, ny hiker is ahead, and so the fron ranger move.

I think you are right and this should be the right rule, but I'm not sure, so I asked ;-)
Hi Ryan. In this case you don't need to move since there isn't a ranger down trail from your back hiker. In general, try to resolve the ranger card as much as possible, but ignore parts of the ranger cards that cannot be done (e.g. if you are told to discard one of your gear but you don't have any gear). For the purposes of solo mode, trail end counts as part of the trail. Happy hiking!
And some other things to note:

1. If Ranger 2 makes it to the first slot on the trail end

2. While Ranger 1 is on the first token space
• then Ranger 2 takes the reserve a park space

3. if both of your hikers are still on the trail
• they have to go to the trail end forfeiting any other trail tile actions
• you can only take one End of Trail action
• that action can't be taking the first player token since ranger 1 is on it
• that action can't be reserving a park since ranger 2 is on it

4. you can still take the take an end of season photo action if you have the camera and spend one resource token for one photo token since it's not part of the end of trail actions. it'e its own action. rulebook: "At the Season’s end, the player with camera the may take a photo at its reduced price."
Before season 1, Shuffle the 4 face-down advanced tiles. [Note: there are only 4 advanced tiles]. Keep them face-down. Do not look at them. Do not turn them over. Next, take all standard tiles + 1 of the 4 face-down advanced tiles. Shuffle. Create face-up trail.

After season 1, before season 2. Pick up all tiles used so far (except for trailhead and trail end). Then add 1 more from the 3 remaining face-down advanced tiles. Shuffle. Create face-up trail. The trail is now 1 tile longer than the previous season.

And so on. At the start of season 4, you will be using all the trail tiles. There is no need to keep randomizing the advanced tile deck, because those tiles are never revealed until they are in-play. You need only shuffle the 4 advanced tiles once, at the start of the game.

Special tile note: the only trail tile that doesn't get used is the 4+ player tile if it is a 2-3 player game. It is not an advanced tile. It goes back in the box for a 2-3 player game. Or, it is considered a regular tile, and used, in a 4-5 player game.
Yes. "Sun can be used in place of mountain on PARKS" means that you may treat each mountain symbol as a sun when visiting parks, such as the Mount Rainier National Park; there is no limit to how many suns you can use in this way when visiting a park.
Even if it were optional, there's no penalty for taking one, so you should try to reserve one that an opponent might want if possible.
See here:

https://boardgamegeek.com/article/33187050#33187050
They can be used in place of any other token to visit Parks, take Photos, buy Gear, and visit the River. Wildlife cannot be used to fill a Canteen or traded in / gained as part of the (exchange x2) Site or Canteen.
When your Hiker stops at the tile with the kayaker on it; the one where you spend one water to copy the action of another site with a Hiker on it. I believe they stopped individually printing English on the tiles for purposes of international editions being language independent.
Wildlife - Turn in any one token to gain a wildlife token
Lodge - Turn in one token and gain any one token (excluding wildlife) You may do this a second time.
Lookout - Reserve or Visit a Park or Buy a Gear card
Yes, and just to clarify potential confusion:
If you meet the first minimum requirement on your Year card, you score 2 points ... OR if you meet the higher minimum requirement you instead score 3 points.

You cannot earn 2 points for the first requirement plus 3 points for the higher requirement.

...Although I think you should. Imho, the Year card bonuses are far too small of rewards considering what it takes to earn them. I always play with a variant similar to this, where the point values on Year cards are doubled.
Two questions. 1) Can you use your campfire to let a hiker go backwards on the trial to a spot you have already passed up? and 2) When using the campfire, once the hiker takes the action on the spot he went to, does the hiker stay there, or go back to where he was before he used the campfire that turn?
In this game, it's one action per turn. So move, action.

If you've just purchased it, you have already performed your one action of "buy gear". You would be able to use it on the next turn though.
You can't have more than 12 resources at the end of your turn, and sometimes you get resources in other player's turn (the tile that gives everybody else a sun, or some other thing), so you can keep those extra resources until the end of your next turn.

But what happens if you go over the limit when your two hikers are at the end tile? My next turn isn't happening until the next season.
I believe this is correct. I don't think it is like multiplayer where there is a left slot or right slot. The left slot just explains how the rangers work. The first to the top slot always takes the 1st player marker.
Ok... I hope you're right!

This makes it easier then

Thank you!
Hello!

I’ve played my first game and I think I’m missing something…
In solo mode, the goal of the game is to gain as many VP as you can.
To visit parks is the action that give me more points.
So… if the “visit park” tile comes in the last round, I would have fewer options to make points that if the tile comes in first round, isn’t it?

So… to have more or less chances to gain points is just a matter of luck?
In all my plays, I don't think we ever had unclaimed weather tokens on the trail at the end of a round.
Many thanks Steve. I get it and ready for my first game.
One of our backers did a translation of the rules for PARKS into French. We're attaching the link to it here.

https://www.dropbox.com/s/bsxeaftlh7n8p7e/PARKS-French%20Rul...

Note, this is a fan translation, not one created by Keymaster Games. If you have questions or notes to help clarify the rules, we encourage you to use the comments section!
So I watched the Keymaster (racoon) video, but am confused about getting started on the trail. The instructions say "a player selects either one of their hikers and moves the hiker to a site of their choice down the trail - anywhere to the right of that hiker's current location. When the hiker lands on the new site, the player performs the site's action." So I landed on the bear wildlife site which states, "Turn in any one token to gain a Wildlife token". Does it mean to turn in the sun token I got from the season card?...which is the only token I have.
That is correct, you can choose from any of the tokens you have at the end of your turn to discard. The reason it's balanced is two fold :

1) If you have so many tokens that you have to discard at the end of your turn, you aren't spending them wisely or efficiently. You made a move and wasted what you would have gained. Any time you would gain tokens beyond the 12 you have, that's some degree of a wasted move because you have only made a partial move (gain 2 water, but you only get to keep 1 due to token limits). The exchange of tokens is more of a consolation prize than a bonus.

2) This one assumes that your opponents are paying attention to your moves and playing competitively: you're telegraphing your move. When you swap to the exact sequence of tokens you need to acquire one or more parks on offer, you've made it obvious to others at the table what you're going for and risk them snatching it out from under you before you have a chance to claim it.

The benefit of being able to trade tokens above 12 isn't the benefit it seems. You're better off spending tokens as you get them to gain parks than losing portions of turns to lost resources.
We thought it was within the rules, but clearly it felt broken.
I see it means I must have taken that many photos. Got it now.
We've always interpreted it the way your wife plays it.
The way I read it, the second hiker to reach the Trail End is "one of their hikers" too.
"One of their hikers" can be the first one or the second one. Otherwise it would have said "A player’s Campfire will (only) relight when their first Hiker reaches Trail End.”
If no one takes the "reserve a park" option at the end of the season, the 1st player marker stays at the player who has it.
.

Happy gaming and go vikes!
You did play that action correctly by placing a water token on the Ranger Tracker bottom row.
Apparently you can slowly walk the trail. Rules say you are only forced to move to the end when only one hiker remains on the trail.
I'd personally use the rule for solo play here: if only one player has hikers on the trail, they are forced to move all of their hikers to trail end and they may take only one action, regardless how many hikers they moved.

This would balance things out: a player may slowly stroll along the trail, but they are risking to forfeit one of their two Trail End actions if all other players get there before.
You would need 3 water (or a combination of 3 water/trees as you don't have to replace the trees)
The hiker performs the action immediately upon reaching the end of the trail.
The limit of holding no more than 12 tokens is ALWAYS in effect.
it means Reserve or Visit a Park
Yes you can just take it at the vista landmark. The person with the Camera can also take a photo at the season end for the discount. Some gear cards also give photo opportunities.
Yup, one hiker or nine, you can still use the action!
Hey, I am preparing a tutorial video for this cool game and need some help with claryfing a few rules:
1) If I have a couple items which state "when visiting an area with a single mountain, instead of taking the moubtain token you may take 3 suns / wild token." if I visit this area do I get both effect or I have to pick which one triggers?

2) in nightfall expansion, when there is a camp slot which lets you get a canteen and get a water, can I use the water to fill this new canteen from the same effect?

3) in the nightfall expansion there is an effect which lets you enpty the canteens and move those water tokens to your resources + you get a water. If I have, for example, 4 canteens emptied in this way, can I instantly fill them all up with the water from them?

Thanks for help, love the game
After you move and take an action (and do whatever with your tokens - I.e. throwing a water on a canteen and doing/getting whatever comes from that). I think.
My canteen card says that when filled I can turn in a tree to take a picture. Can a wildlife token be counted as a tree to perform this action?
Very true, part of my struggle. I felt like I should do the negative thing for myself but was worried I was overthinking it. I was trying to keep a video going and running smoothly, but I kept looking over at that card and thinking about what it could mean. And at the end of the day, the nice thing about solo is it's not hurting anyone else if I gained or loss a couple of points. So I tried looking up the question here, then just figured I'd ask after the recording and report the answer in the description to the video. PARKS is a fun solo game to play.
I posted a link to the Offical 1st Edition rulebook pdf BGG File in that link but here both
1st Edition
https://www.boardgamegeek.com/filepage/188054/rulebook-engli...
v1.1
https://www.boardgamegeek.com/filepage/205978/parks-en-ruleb...
Hey there everyone! Thanks fto everyone who chimed in here and for the patience in waiting for official responses. Keymaster Games has been on our holiday break for the last week, hence the delay.
Ha!! We have some amazing disc golf courses out here in Colorado. Look up Beaver Ranch. One of the best around!
As far as I know you can do both at once: use the site's power and use the gear card, in whatever order you like. If you have the camera you only have to spend one token.
And if the official ruling doesn't work for you, you might be interested in:
to visit the park?
You must be a Speed Hiker! I suggest you slow down your pace so this doesn't happen.
Only the weather tokens on the track? Or also the ones as "action" on for instance ocean....
Ranger never perform any actions, correct? Wgen they for instance move on the " park action" track, nothing happens?

If ranger remove a park with a weather token on it, does the weather token also move on event tracker? Or not?
Yep
... then you have a reserved park that you can stare at forlornly, as it doesn't give you any points.
The rules don’t say anything about this (at least none that I can find). And this game has so many forums that I can’t find a specific answer (or perhaps I just don’t know how to search for it). Anyway, would someone be kind enough to clarify this for me please?

My guess is it doesn’t count toward it because technically I’ve used the water token to pay for whatever action the canteen allows me to take and I have to clear it off at the end of season anyway.
I agree with you that this makes sense but I didn't see it anywhere in the rulebook (unless I missed it). I wish that the rules had stated that in a "2 or 3 player game...." instead of this sentence on page 6: "In a game of 3 or fewer players, the first Hiker to BUY GEAR ..... gives them a 1 Sunshine discount on their Gear purchase."
In the "Wildlife" expansion is a new trail site. If you land on it, you take the action of an open Trail Site that does not have a Hiker. If that Site still has the "season" token, do you acquire that token as well as taking the action, or do you only take the action and leave the "season" token?
AFAIK you'd stay over the limit until your next turn ends (which would be the next season).
Yes, I'd say the same.

Or, you could get the Wildlife expansion so he can have more canteens to grab!
I think when they say "carry up to 12" they mean you can carry up to 12 from where you begin your turn to where you are going. That's why discarding down happens at the end of your turn. You carry 12 to the next site, you can gain more at the new site, but then you can only carry 12 to the next site after that.
Thanks! That's exactly how I played it, Wasn't sure if resources could be gained if just reserved or had to be visited.
It's definitely immediately! That way you can use one one of the End of Trail actions to help the hiker that's still on the trail (for example)...doing them immediately gives everybody some new strategies.
Just read your question again - for that particular scenario i think your ranger would visit the park - so you would remove it and put the card in your tableau, and then replace it from the parks deck. Then when the ranger turns up, there is a card there to be discarded.

Thats how i play it - hopefully thats correct!
What does "and take 3" for example mean on a card? Year of surf says 6 water on visited parks and take 3 is worth 2 points. Does this mean that you have to have at least 3 visited parks to get this?
Pete, it seems that you don't have the latest version of the rules.

The latest version (AFAIK) is v1.1, and is available in the files library. But unfortunately, so is the original version, as a separate file. (A side note from experience... Whomever uploaded the new version should've placed it in the same page as the older version, so it would show as being the newer version). Regardless, there are two different rulebook download pages.. be sure to use the correct one!

Also, it'd be nice if there's a list of changes between the versions... is anyone aware of such a list?
I'm coming back to this thread, because in single-player mode, the end trail box can be blocked in order to reserve a park, so you can really end up with an action that's impossible to perform. I'm surprised to find no clarification on this subject, even on the forum
When a ranger picks up a token to put on the ranger tracker do they pick up just the token that’s on the board or also the ones printed on the game board? Thanks
With solo/automa systems in general, don't overthink what the rules are telling you. The rule in this case is that "if their movement caused them to land on a Hiker, they skip to the next Site" and so you should do that.

Rulebook writers frequently try to make the rules "more readable" by mixing in clever comments and bits of in-world flavor. The problem with this approach is that it can, as we see in this case, lead to misinterpretation of the actual rules. This would have been better as a separate sentence, or maybe a sidebar or some other kind of split from the rules to indicate that it is a rationale but not an actual thing for the player to do.

If you're concerned about it thematically, though, remember that you chose to go to the first ranger's spot by using your campfire. The ranger did not "disturb" you as they were there first. The second ranger is choosing to respect your privacy by not intruding further.
welcome to BGG!
in the future you will have better luck getting rules questions if you go to the game's page (
So lets say i have already 12 ressources token, i cant save my full canteen for later? I really need to spend the water right away to get its bonus?
Also, for any other place that makes you pay a specific resource to take a photo, if you have the camera you can pay any resource. That info is also on the back of the camera token.
Yep and Yep!
Yes, provided you gain water the turn you fill it and use that water to fill. You can’t use water you saved from previous turns to fill a canteen.
Scenario: So the trail sites are a,b,c,d,e and I have my Hikers on sites c & d, with the Rangers on site a & e. A 2-sun gear card is drawn, indicating Ranger on a moves to c. Does the Ranger skip to d only? Or skips again to e?

From the rulebook:
thank you very much
- You can both take a photo and utilize the action of the location if you have one of these types of gear cards. These two actions can also be taken in any order and if you have the camera, you can take a photo for just 1 resource instead of the usual 2.
3) Resource tokens on Parks are not removed at the end of a season, but resource tokens on trail sites are removed at the end of a season. Correct?
So if one ranger gets there before my hiker and say they land on 3 and go to the last spot, then I can't visit a park? Or can they still land on 3 and take their action but the Visit a Park/Reserve is still available?
Certainly, one could take the view that wildlife can pay for the photo in this case, because after all, it does fall into the "take Photos" category even if the expansion canteen icon is not a base game feature. I wouldn't be surprised that a FAQ (eventually) ruled that way as well. But until there is such a rule, we will play with a stricter interpretation on this type of canteen card.

I'll admit, perhaps, yours is the more accurate interpretation of the rules.
Ironically the cards have text. even if a version is printed in another language they still could have printed the name on the tile in english so it can be identified easier as you say. and if you can't read the language well it's still on the tile for those who can. and the way the v1.0 tile names are designed they didn't impede on the art. so they dropped the ball on that one imho. or should I say they [insert hands dropping ball icon here] on that one lol
2) in nightfall expansion, when there is a camp slot which lets you get a canteen and get a water, can I use the water to fill this new canteen from the same effect?
That's marketing, not rules text. It's communicating something very high level about game concept, not instructing players on the minutiae of play. Generally, over several visits to the trail end, you're trying to collect as many parks as possible. Marketing speak, not rules.
I have the compass which allows me to pay 2 fewer Sunshine to visit a park.
When visiting a Park which requires 2 of any resource (shown as the number 2 in a brown square), can I assume those are Sunshines and use my compass?
During our first playthrough we had two questions:

- when a player spends 1 water to copy the action „Take Photo and gain the camera“ does he also gets the camera?

- At season end can a player choose the buy gear session to grab the sun bonus without purchasing a gear?
Hi all! Sorry about the confusion.

If a second ranger arrives at the top slot of trail end, no special action is taken and no additional spaces are blocked by the second ranger.

As a general rule, rangers are allowed to occupy the same spaces as other rangers. This rule applies to the Trail Tiles and to the slots at Trail End. That’s why when the second ranger arrives at the top slot of Trail End, it will move to occupy at the same space as the first ranger (either blocking the First Hiker Marker or the Reserve a Park action).

Note that rangers arriving in the top slot only skip over the First Hiker Marker if the Hikers have already claimed it. They do not skip over that space if the other ranger is occupying it.

Please let me know if there’s anything else I can clarify.

Good luck on the trail!
I'm reading this as only being able to do more than that at a special spot or the end of season spot and it feels like I should be doing more on a turn.
Thanks! Funny thing is, I own and play v1.1 of PARKS, but apparently only have the previous version rules as PDF (which is where I tend to look up rules for any given game). I probably downloaded those rules long before I owned the game to get a sense of the mechanics. I'm gonna rectify that now with your tip.
This is correct. Thanks for chiming in! You do not get to take the action if an Event moves your hiker to a site.
“Activate gear that specifies a site” means the gear you buy that does things like “You can take water instead of a tree when you visit a forest.” So you can’t do the copy action to copy the forest and use your gear to take water instead of a tree.

And the camera isn’t gear, I’m sure.

“Take a photo” is an action on the trail site, and since the river allows you to copy a trail site action, you can choose to take a photo.
* There are some PARKS in Nightfall that allow you to take the camera as an instant action. They only do just that, take the camera (no photo).
It means also i can use it in the next turn
You get the water in both situations.
It's also worth noting that there is a point of diminishing returns depending on how the trail is arranged. A player can only keep 12 resources tokens so your opponent can't just stash all the resources they want and then drop them when ready to buy up all the parks. There's a possibility that the park purchase action on the trail lands right in, or just past, the middle and they can gather resources, spend them, then gather again, and spend at the trail end. But that's an uncommon situation.
Absolutely.
Once your first hiker reaches the end of the trail, your campfire re-lights if you have used it already.
I believe you must complete one action before you start another, otherwise the game would be chaos. So you have to finish trading before you can put water in your canteen.
"How do Sunscreen or Rain Gear Work? These cards allow you to visit a Park using a different type of token in place of another. When visiting a Park this ability applies to the token symbols shown on the Park card (and not to the discounts from other gear)"

The part that is unclear (in my opinion) is the last line in parentheses: "and not to discounts from other gear."

Which gear discounts is this Line referring to?
I’m not 100% sure what you’re asking, but every action taken is taken immediately and in full (or as much as you want to). You can’t save it for later, and you can’t save part of it for later.
Hello,

In Wildlife new parks card, some of the park already exists in the game, like the tnew Acadia National Park :
Hello. I played my first solo game of Parks last night (after stumbling through a couple tries which I had to re-start mid-way through because I messed up the rules…ugh!). I have a few questions:

1. When a Ranger Tracker card says to “Discard all of your Water tokens”, does that also include discarding any water tokens that are on Canteen cards for the round? I would assume that those Water tokens would stay on the Canteen cards because they are eventually cleared off those cards at the end of the round…just like in a multi-player game.

2. In my solo game last night, I had to take the Ranger Tracker penalty of “Move the active Ranger to the site before Trail End” because the Rangers had accumulated three Sun tokens on the Ranger Tracker card. I followed the directions to remove the three Sun tokens and flip over the next Ranger Tracker card. I also moved the active Ranger to the site before the Trail End. That site had a Water token on it. Since it had a Water token, is it correct that I also put that token on the Ranger Tracker card, too? Basically, I got the penalty from the three Sun tokens, but then I also got one Water token closer to a penalty for the Ranger Tracker bottom row. Did I play this correctly?

3. In a solo game, your opponent pieces are now known as “Rangers” and not “Hikers”. Thus, if I land on the trail site that provides the action, “Turn in a Water to copy the action from another Site occupied by a Hiker”, am I allowed to copy an action occupied by a “Ranger” (even though it’s technically a “Hiker” in a multi-player game)? Or, am I only allowed to copy the action of my other “Hiker”…on a trail site that it is currently on?

Thanks much!!!
Ah ok , i play it wrong. Thank you for help me
And some other things to note:

1. If Ranger 2 makes it to the first slot on the trail end

2. While Ranger 1 is on the first token space
• then Ranger 2 takes the reserve a park space

3. if both of your hikers are still on the trail
• they have to go to the trail end forfeiting any other trail tile actions
• you can only take one End of Trail action
• that action can't be taking the first player token since ranger 1 is on it
• that action can't be reserving a park since ranger 2 is on it

4. you can still take the take an end of season photo action if you have the camera and spend one resource token for one photo token since it's not part of the end of trail actions. it's its own action. rulebook: "At the Season’s end, the player with camera the may take a photo at its reduced price."
Thank you
Yes, rules are quite the same but I've didn't see anything about authorized number of these 2 quoted actions in multi or solo. This is why I asked
That was my assumption, but not mentioned in the manual. Thanks!
[My emphasis]
Hi David,
not sure how for you, "the rest of the game played out", but our experience has been that in a two-player game we have to take how this rule into account every time we move a hiker, not just the final round. We much prefer two-player over higher player counts as the duel-like situation ramps the tension right up, every movement decision becomes critical. If you let leave your opponent alone with only their two hikers on the trail several turns before the end of the round, even in the first season, they can notch up a huge advantage such that you may never catch up. as Donny, implies, the criticality all depends on how the trail is arranged, not necessarily how late in the game you are.

Any comment on my post earlier in this thread discussing the other tensions, of which leaving your opponent's hikers alone on the trail is only one to consider?
Steve
You discard down to 12 tokens at the end of your turn...not immediately at the moment that you acquire more than 12.
I'm also not seing how you get more canteens and things. If I land on forest for example and I'm first there i get the sun or the water and either way I get the forest token. But can I do anything else there?
I just stack them up - so i end up with separate stacks of 1, 2 and 3 sunshine gear cards in the display. Then when you come to buy gear you can only buy the top gear card from any of the stacks. Also the stack of 3 cost gear cards gets shuffled back in to the main gear deck each time a ranger lands on the bottom section of the trail end.
The Parks are not shuffled, just the Trail Sites.
Ok, so does the seasons card that says “add water on the three current parks” mean that you add a water token to each park (I.e., when you visit the park you get a water token) or does this card mean that you need a water token in addition to the other tokens listed on the park card itself,
OK, so these are the only two possibilities? This is the way I played so I'm gonna stick with that.
Thank you!
And then suffer hallucinations from drinking salt water. Wait, that's more like Discover: Lands Unknown or Robinson Crusoe....
Is it possible to copy my own another hiker in the "Copy an action" site?
Also there are cards that make you gain a random gear. In that case, you gain the top card of the facedown deck.
The Ranger moves right to the slot and gains the [First Hiker Marker] if you have not already claimed the [First Hiker Marker] slot for the Season. If you have, then the Ranger moves to the Reserve a Park area, making the action unavailable until the next Season.
Yes! You are copying what would happen if you actually landed on the tile, and taking the camera is one of those things.
Thanks for the question!

Our official standing is that you CAN use wildlife for the copy action at the river.

We totally see where this should be clarified more in the rulebook. Thank you for the note
My version (1.1) of the game does not have names on the tiles. To answer the question, I will substitute in [Lodge], as used by Pete above, to reference the tile pictured by Chris.

The quick answer is that you must have at least one non-wildlife token to visit the Lodge. A weather token present on the tile can be used to satisfy the required token. You do need to exchange the token, but can do so for the same token. For example, if I have only a single mountain, I can visit the Lodge and exchange a mountain for a mountain.

Page 4
Just played a 2 player game and we found this annoying. My opponent had one hiker at the trail head and both of mine were done. So she just lazily walked down every spot, visited 3 parks and won by a lot. Seemed very anti climactic. Up to that point we were neck and neck and the game had plenty of tension and fun. Once she realized she could take every action and win, we stopped having fun and started complaining. Such a bummer.
Also some places lets you also gain the camera, and some only take a photo without gaining it (the icons are different).
Duh. It was in the rule book all along. Thanks!
It means you have to discard down to four tokens.
I think you might be playing solo wrong. Flip over your trail-end. There's a different side for Solo which has slots for the rangers vs your own hikers.
Rereading the rules closer would have avoided the dispute.
However, the number of icons ARE used to determine which Trail End action the Ranger takes.
Yes, you can.
I was just looking for it too, couldn’t find it. I plan to contact keymaster games.
I like the new Lodge more than the old lodge, because the "trade two and only two different tokens" rule could lead to AP: first you need to determine if staying within those constraints will benefit you, and then you need to determine exactly how to do the trade.

I really enjoy when PARKS gets thinky (thanks, Nightfall expansion!) but I don't like getting stuck on that sort of decision, or waiting for somebody to go through all the combinations of options. So I find the new rule streamlines gameplay.
The designer has said that, in solo mode, the trail end counts as "down the trail." So you would move your hiker to the trail end in this case. See
Okay, that is what is permissible. We interpret "take Photos" to be the normal photo taking rules and not the Tree -> Camera icon on the canteen. (But on second thought I can see that perhaps this is just another "take Photos" action.) Also we felt the canteen action was pretty powerful, so limiting it somewhat was reasonable.

The next sentence then goes on (in our opinion) to clarify base game actions that cannot be taken (and so may not apply to the expansion canteen icon). I can see how our logic could be flawed. But, given the base game could certainly not predict all the future expansion features that should be limited, we took this sentence to be merely a set of examples or a clarification and the first sentence is the main rule.
I really enjoy Parks with the expansions, but am confused by a couple of things in the solo mode when using Nightfall.

If both rangers start their turn on the same space, which one is the back or front ranger for the purpose of landing on or passing over the tents? Are they both the back ranger or both the front ranger?.
Sorry, but I couldn’t disagree more. In a 2P game, if P1 stops P2 from getting a point, it’s the same thing as P1 getting a point.

Consider how much tension is created in the last season because of this rule. On the very first turn, P1 thinks: do I jump EVERYTHING on the trail with my first hiker to stop P2 from getting that awesome park? If I do, I’ll at least get one point. Or, do I take it slow, and hope to leapfrog at the last second? If I take it slow, maybe P2 will jump everything with their first hiker to reserve the park! If they do, then I am almost guaranteed to be able to slowly visit every spot on the trail, since I would still have two hikers out. So, P1 has a decision to make on the very first turn.

Meanwhile, P2 has the same issue on their turn. Do I use my first hiker to skip EVERYTHING so I can reserve that park? Or go slow and get stuff? If I skip ahead, I’ll get at least one guaranteed point, and then I can go slow with the second hiker. Or, do I go slow with my first hiker, and get resources at the risk that P1 will reserve it out from under me? If P1 reserves it out from under me, a new park will appear, and maybe I’ll be able to buy that with the resources I get from going slow. In that case, P1 sacrificed their own goals to stop me, but it didn’t work. Or maybe the new park will be useless. In that case, P1 did the right thing, and is rewarded one point for taking the risk, but I can now go slow for the entire last season, because I have both hikers out.

P1 has to decide on every turn: do I skip all the stuff in front of me to screw over P2? While P2 has to decide: do I skip all the stuff in front of me to guarantee that I get to buy the awesome park?

Because you would have to skip so much on the very first turn, neither are likely to do it. As the season goes on, both players are more likely to skip stuff to get that awesome park. Every turn, the tension ratchets up... that’s great game design.
Yes sir. That’s the nice bit for us slow, meandering hikers
These questions concerns the Solo Mode.

If I have the camera and the number of requested resources, am I authorized to take more than 1 picture at the end of a season or just 1 and no more ?
Am I authorized to "Parks" more than 1 time on the dedicated action tile and at the end of season's tile or just 1 time on each ?

I've readen and readen again the official rulebook (1.1) and I didn't notice something about that.
Thank you, Thin-Yau and Brandon, for the quick and clear response!
As it was already said, not to leave both hickers from a rival alone on the trails is part of the strategy. It seems you failed on that point.

Also I have found that sometimes I hit the 12 tokens limit and that hicker doesn't need anything else, so no need to make him stall, and I just skip ahead (unless I'm trying not to let the other player alone).
Lodge site allows me to gain the same token I turned in.

In the rules I downloaded in Internet:
It's not a variant, it's one of the campsite actions you can take, provided that campsite is in play. It's not that it isn't allowed in PARKS, it's that the tile, and campsites, don't exist in the core game.
One thing that is for sure, is that when you pay 2 tokens at the "Viewpoint" tile, as Mal mentioned above, you will get the Camera. (Rulebook, pg 4).

So it really doesn't matter, the state of the camera prior to you taking it.
.
There comes a time when writing rules that you have to decide where to draw the line on clarifications...
My interpretation is that the ranger movement is based on where they are on the trail relative to your own pieces. Your hiker who has already finished is not technically on the trail anymore. So based on this, there are 3 scenarios of placement (R1 and R2 for Rangers, H2 for your second hiker):

1. R1 . . R2 . . H2 : Your hiker is ahead of both rangers. So the ranger closest to the end of the trail (R2) is the one that moves.
2. R1 . . H2 . . R2 : Your hiker is between the rangers. The ranger behind you on the trail (R1) moves.
3. H2 . . R1 . . R2 : Your hiker is behind both rangers. The ranger furthest from the end of the trail and closest to you (R1) moves.
This game is extremely limited in your opportunities to buy stuff (whether to buy gear of visit parks), so there's no need to have a minimum cost above zero.
When the last ranger reaches trail end, your next turn requires you to move your remaining hiker to trail end and choose which spot to occupy. They still get that one action.
) and its specific rules forums there.
For now, users can click a "wrong forum" button and this thread might get moved to the parks thread by the moderators, so don't delete this thread and repost it may fix itself.
Not on the River. I don’t know about campsites as I don’t have the rules in front of me. Wait, I have the rules. No. Wildlife as stated in base game rules are used for Parks or photos, so same answer as for River.
Seeing as how every time I visit a National Park I end up taking way more photos than I could ever really enjoy, I would say that thematically you could use a D6 and call it a "flash drive" on which you store 1 to 6 of your photos and then return the equivalent number of photo tiles to the supply. Just remember to add the die number to your final score.
Any site.
Place until you run out would be the only practical solution.
I believed I played these correctly, but just want clarifications

1. When the seasons say to add a resource to a park card, do you just simply add a token to that park? And the player who visits that park gains that resource? Do they gain it if they reserve it?

2. The rules say when there is One Hiker remaining on the trail, they have to move to the trail end space to take an action. If only 1 player remains but they have 2 hikers out on the trail, can they continue taking actions until 1 of their hikers moves to the trail end, then the other must follow to the trail end?
Asked here, but not officially answered:
No, you don’t replace them (except in the solo game).
I did a quick forum search and couldn't find an answer: can you turn in a wildlife token at the lodge and gain a different token?

I think the answer is yes. I believe the exclusion only applies to the token you gain, not the token you lose. I can't think of any game-breaking reason why you can't turn in a wildlife token at the lodge to (for example) fill your canteen.

You make a good point! I'm sure somebody will correct me if I'm wrong, though.
The 1.1 rules explicitly forbid this, as stated below!
Now that I put my glasses on I do see that is the take photos symbol and this makes sense now. They could have made these symbols more different.

Thank you very much Barry for your help.
I would go with the English rules, as that is what the base rules are. Then German is translated from those, so the translator likely made a mistake.
Can I visit a site without taking its action? To visit a site, you must take the full action. If you cannot take its action, you cannot visit that Site. For example, if you don't have a token to exchange, then you cannot visit the [Lodge] Site.
Effectively yes; although the mechanics are that the cost is not actually zero - they have to be met; However the cost can be met entirely using gear cards and season effects, without any expenditure of tokens.
Have fun,
Steve
Discard one of your Gear or Year cards to the bottom of its deck. Then, you may take either the top card of the Year or Gear deck or any available Gear card.

Is it possible to get a different type of card from the first discarded card with this effect?
Awesome thanks!
I absolutely get what you mean. I personally really struggle with this game as the incentive to undercut other players is the main form of interaction in this game that is themed around going on nice strolls through national parks.

I'm not against the idea of resource deprivation as an approach to games, I'm not unfamiliar with taking up space in Scythe to cut other plays out, or really any game of Root works this way too, but those are war themed games and the theme of Parks feels like it is saying "we're going to go on a walk together, but I'm going to win by making sure you don't have any water to drink on our hike." I don't think the game is poorly designed by any means, it's a tight game, I just think the expectations set by the design are worlds apart from the actual mechanics of the game. You expect a group hug experience, but instead you're better off raiding other's camps.

I think the simple issue is just that theme is wrong, the game feels more like post apocalyptic survival competition and each park is a safe house you find to keep yourself alive as you travel the country competing against other survivors who would leave you to die. Or competing wildlife fighting for control over locations against other wildlife. You needed that Mountain? I took it first go somewhere else. You're building up to that 5 point location, I'm going to take set it aside and probably leave you something of less value or something that isn't in the spectrum of resources you've made. If I get a few points ahead early, then I can just spend the rest of the game undercutting you. Again, this would be all fine and good if the theme was about survival, but it's not that.
Like the Subject says can each of your hikers purchase more than one park card if you have enough resources to do so? I assume not but I would like confirmation. Thanks.
Unfortunately, since the rules include enumerated lists of both the allowed and disallowed uses, you could use the same argument to reach the opposite conclusion. This question really does need a clarification from the designer or publisher.
Can I just check this?

Is it move hiker A to a new site, then use tent to repeat the same site action hiker A is on?
or can I not move the any hiker A, use tent to repeat hiker A site action, and count as a turn?
or can I move hiker B to a new site, but use tent to repeat action of hiker A?
I believe Steve was giving an example here as to why this is NOT the case. The compass gear card doesn't HAVE to be fully used and doesn't prevent you from visiting any parks.
https://imgur.com/a/nNRLTzP

I noticed this card in the rule book with multiple point based on the resources you turn in. Was this initially implemented but then removed? I looked though all the park cards and didn't see any like that. It would be a very interesting addition to the game.

Thanks!
In solo play, when a ranger reaches trail end and has drawn a one-cost gear card to move there, they move to the reserve a park space. Have i got these following scenarios correct?

1) If a ranger is the first person there they take the first player token slot. This means if your hiker arrives second they will just get to reserve a park (but lose the first player token).
Whoa! That's a surprise.
I try to explain better: if Trail End is NOT part of the Trail, the Rangers ARE ahead of my only hiker ON THE TRAIL (and so the back ranger should move).
Based off of the rules printed, the sunscreen converted the trees to suns, so you can use the map’s discount to only pay 1 sun and 2 mountains. That would not be making up any rules at all.
I feel like your questions have been answered, but just to chime in, both of the above answers are correct

1) if a player has two hikers left on the trail and every other player is at the Trail End, that player can just mosey on down as much as he can. Part of the strategy is not to jump ahead too quickly and let that happen.

2) the copy a site is just on the trail, not trail end.

I know I'm just repeating all of this,I just want to provide further validation of the correct answers above
Ok played for first time yesterday and ran into some issues we need clarification on since rulebook doesn’t seem crystal clear. Bear with me I have a few different scenarios based on the same question and issue.

Here’s the situation:
Rulebook says that in order to move your hiker to a site/space, you must be able to take(Or do) that site’s action. Action of a site is labeled as the item at the bottom of the site space (usually take some kind of resource tokens or take a photo, etc). All good and clear. They give the example that if you have ZERO tokens you cannot visit the site/space with the SWAP action where you are able to trade up to two tokens for something else. This is not allowed since you have nothing to trade and therefore cannot TAKE OR DO the action. This makes sense to us.

Our rub is this:
We get into the game and gather lots of resources to the point we have 12 or close to 12. Rules state the limit is 12 resources and you cannot carry more than 12. You have to discard at the end of your turn. Seems to make sense on the surface but combined with the above rule of visiting a space and taking an action it gets muddy.

Situation 1)
Say a player has 12 (max limit) resources going into their turn. Are they allowed to move to any space that requires them to take ANY resources at all since they already have 12 and are not allowed to take/carry any more? This would be pretty limiting. Or, even with 12 to start, can they take the action on the site to take a 13th resource, but then use it on their turn or discard down to 12 at the end of the turn, thus being able to move to a site/space that requires you take a resource? If you CAN do this, the rule that you MUST preform a sites action is actually quite reduced to something like the example in the rulebook since you’re most likely to have resources outside of the first turn or so and thus shouldn’t really be limited to moving to a site based on “not being able to take the site action.”

Situation 2)
Similarly, say a player has 10 resources and wants to land on a site that requires you to take TWO resources as the site action, but it also provides an additional ONE weather resource from the season weather pattern on it, thus the site gives you THREE total recourses upon landing on it. Can the player who has 10 resources move to that space? They would be able to move there and take the site action according to the rules since the two resources from the action place them at 12 total recourses and thus within the max limit. However can they take the additional third weather resource since it would push them over the max limit? Is this nuanced to saying they can since the ACTION was possible and not push over 12 max limit, but the 13th is ok to take since it wasn’t part of the site action and therefore can be taken and used or discarded by the end of the turn so as not to have more than 12? This is where it gets tricky.

Situation 3)
Further, let’s say a player has 11 resources and they want to land on a site space that requires you take an action of TWO water tokens. This would make the player have 13 resources total in order to take that action. Can they do this since it puts them over the 12 max limit resource rule in order to take the site action? Additionally, let’s say the player has a canteen that’s empty before this move. They want to move to this space, take the 2 water tokens (putting them at 13 total resources) but immediately place one water token into the canteen, thus reducing their tokens back to 12. Is this allowed? Does it violate the 12 limit rule? Does it violate the take an action rule since they’d have more than 13 resources in order to TAKE the two water tokens in the first place? If they can take them and use one for the canteen and that canteen gives you TWO MORE resources (thus now at 14 resources) is that allowed as long as they discard or use them before the end of their turn?

So all variations of a similar rule. Trying to clarify if a person can TAKE A SITE ACTION of that action requires they take resources that push them over the 12 max limit to start their turn. There’s plenty of variations of how this could happen.
Thanks for the help.
Apologies, trail end! ***

How do I decide which of the three spots it lands on? Does it depend on the regular amount of sunshine?

Additionally, can two of my rangers end up in the same spot at the trail's end? For instance, if both drew a '3 sunshine' card, do they both visit a park? Is that correct?"
So, both rangers have moved to the trail end before either of my hikers, i know I have to move both hikers to the end and take only one action, does this include or exclude taking a photo?
You and player 1 are correct. The stipulation on Parks Pass in no way indicates that a player must be on a specific location. It simply says "when you visit a park". In this case, Player 1 is using the Lookout to visit a park, therefore they may visit an additional park.
I suspect I know the answer to this, but I'd like to make sure.

My family and I have played a couple of games of this now and are half-way through a third. My kids love it. One of my children, however, absolutely loves grabbing as many canteens as possible. I'm not sure yet if it's a good strategy or not, but we've twice got to the point where the deck has run out.

My question then is: if someone moves to the Vista space are they required to take a photograph or does saying they choose the "take canteen" action, even though the canteen deck is empty, qualify as using the trail space ability?

My thinking is that they have to take the photograph to move there since the rules say you must take the trail action to move to a space, but I'd like to know for certain.

I should perhaps add that since it's always been my youngest child doing so, I have so far been saying they can move there and draw a non-existent canteen as it keeps them enjoying the game and doesn't seem to cause too much of a problem for anyone else.
Me and my wife just played our first game last night, but we have a few questions. Pardon me if these have been asked elsewhere; I don't think they were in the FAQs.
1) With two or three players, I gather you do NOT use the waterfall site?
You answered your own question if you are using the expansion rules. In the base game, the rules for using wildlife are on page 4 in the Icon Reference.

https://cdn.1j1ju.com/medias/f9/b4/d6-parks-rulebook.pdf
2. In my solo game last night, I had to take the Ranger Tracker penalty of “Move the active Ranger to the site before Trail End” because the Rangers had accumulated three Sun tokens on the Ranger Tracker card. I followed the directions to remove the three Sun tokens and flip over the next Ranger Tracker card. I also moved the active Ranger to the site before the Trail End. That site had a Water token on it. Since it had a Water token, is it correct that I also put that token on the Ranger Tracker card, too? Basically, I got the penalty from the three Sun tokens, but then I also got one Water token closer to a penalty for the Ranger Tracker bottom row. Did I play this correctly?
It says I gain 1 point per [lightning bolt] PARK at the end of the game. I don't understand what this means.
Hi Adam
you can pay with an animal token.
Steve

Use of Wildlife at the River is specifically include in the Rulebook 1.1 page 4:
Maybe this is the bigger unanswered question?

If you have the 1st Player token and nobody makes a reservation play in the next season… do you keep using the token, until somebody takes it from you? Or does it automatically rotate?
Yes, the reserved parks are not worth anything.
The action taken is determined by the card that sent it there. It doesn't matter if it was pushed an extra space due to your hiker. As indicated by the italics, they can both be in the same slot, but the second ranger would not activate the slot.
The funny thing here is that Players 3 and 4 forgot that "visiting" is a keyword in the game that means "buying a park". They took the word intuitively and thought it means "landing on".
When you flip a Gear card to move the rangers and you place it in the display. What happens when you flip a 2 sunshine card and move the ranger two spaces, you leave the Gear card on the display right? Then later, say, you flip over another 2 sunshine gear card, does that Gear card replace the other 2 sunshine gear card? Or does it just stack on top of it?
Your guess is correct, as a water token used on a canteen is not in your supply at the end of your turn.
BGG GameNight! on YouTube got it wrong also. They collected a sunshine token before they bought gear which was like robbing pPeter to pay Paul meaning it evened out so he still had the correct amount of sunshine because he -did- Buy Gear but that can be a bad habit to actually take one from the supply when in fact those aren't the rules.

And as the OP questioned to gain a sunshine but not buy a gear card then you'd have a free sunshine you're not supposed to have. But it's understandable how it can be confusing when the entire trail you've collected resources from tiles with the icons.


Note on pg 3 (which if using the correct graphic design pagination should be pg 4!) "Note: You must be able to take a Site’s action in order to visit it." So Trail End or the special trail tile "Buy Gear" you have to have enough resources to Buy Gear. And don't go there if you have no intention of buying gear. Otherwise you have to Buy Gear. That's not explicit in the rules but can be inferred from "When the Hiker lands on the new Site, the player performs the Site’s action." The rules aren't always clear especially the solo rules I asked the designer to clarify which he did. fwiw

"Visit a park" you must have enough resources to visit a park on the board or one of your reserved parks. Therefore if on Trial End you cant' Buy Gear or Visit a Park you have to "Reserve a Park". Remember that you can take one of the three parks cards on the board -or- take the top card from the Parks deck. you might want to do that if none of the three cards appeal to you such as low point values or you not having enough resources or you can be sneaky and take one of three you think another player has resource for to deny them the parks card.

Clear as mud on the trail? Now how I said might be open to interpretation. I'm not exactly awake still camping out hoping not to be eaten by a Bear token lol
Your understanding would be incorrect, then.
As one who thrives on clarity in rulebooks myself, I gotta ask, how would you want them to clarify this sentence, that you missed?

"On a turn, a player selects either one of their Hikers
and moves the Hiker to a Site of their choice down Trail—
anywhere to the right of that Hiker’s current location".

To be blunt, I don't see how they can make it any clearer. But all's good... now you know and your next game will be awesome.
Thank you for helping to clarify @Burning_Tyger. You are correct! You can take the river action to copy the benefit of another action space. It does not, however, become that space. This does mean that gear cards like water filter would not be usable.
Now, if in a multiplayer game someone reserves a park specifically citing that it is revenge for something you did earlier in the game, that is of no benefit to them - that's hate-drafting; Then, you'd better consider how you behave earlier in the next game to avoid such a charge because they may not be alone in their thinking, just more public about it.

(Or you can choose not to play with them again.)
You did a great job explaining it the first time! I understood what you were asking. It was me who did a poor job of explaining that even if the Trail End is NOT part of the trail, a Hiker who has reached the Trail End is nonetheless ahead of any Hiker who is still on the trail. I'm using the the natural law of positioning to draw this conclusion.

But even if this is naturally true, your question is still, "Do the rules agree"?

And this is where the rules don't say. I couldn't find anywhere in the rulebook that defines whether or not the Trail End is part of the trail, or not. But I think it's a moot point because the wording in the rules about being "on the trail" is imprecise at best. AND, given the lack of specificity in the rules, then we need to default to common sense. Hence the reason I defaulted to the "natural law of positioning"! Again, in the absence of a specific rule, we must conclude that a Hiker at the Trail End is "ahead" of a Hiker (or Ranger) still on the trail.

I'd LOVE to be officially corrected on this if I'm wrong! Because this is how I play and I loathe playing games incorrectly.
She ended up with one unused tile in our 5 player game because she used the 4+ as an advanced tile at the beginning set up, it should be used as a basic in a 5 player game. Thus we had one left over. She did the setups tonight and just stacked the unused tiles to draw from. When I did it several weeks ago, I just laid them face down on the table, picking a new one at the start of each new season.

Thanks to all those that responded and discussed. She set it up incorrectly, leaving us with one tile left over, and that created our issue. Had she set it up correctly, all tiles would have been used and our difference of opinion would have never been given a platform to disagree. Apologies to anyone who I confused on this issue. But again, a big thanks to those that offered feedback and discussion.
Not sure what you mean by "canteens and things"?
- If you mean get more canteens, there is a vista spot in the main trail that allows you to purchase a canteen. IIRC there may be gear cards that also allow you to purchase canteens
- If you mean get more gear, any parks action spot (including end-of-trail) allows you to buy gear
- If you mean filling a canteen, the season spots with water allow you to use the water to fill gear. In additon there is a double water spot in the base trail and a sun/water spot in the 4+ player base trail. Any time you get water through that icon (e.g. not in trade), you can fill a canteen with it and take an action.

Remember that with two hikers this doubles these opportunities above. Strategic use of the campfire means you have up to two opportunities to use spots other players (or yourself) are occupying (and with the copy spot on the board, that can potentially double).
I love this rule!
I think, since you’re able to do part of the action, you can go there. You can gain the water, even if you haven’t cleared your canteens. I’d say it should be read as “do as much as you can, but if you can’t do any of it, you can’t go there”. If memory serves, the spirit of the rule is to prevent players from blocking other players (spite “drafting” action spots). Taking that spot and claiming water is still a benefit to you.
There isn't any official answer. Check https://www.boardgamegeek.com/thread/2283137/wildlife-river-...
Yes, but remember the token limit of 12.
- At the end of the trail, each of your hikers will be able to Reserve 1 Park (which is free), Purchase Gear (for the listed sun cost minus any discounts), or Visit 1 Park (paying the resources listed minus any discounts).

I hope this helps clear some things up for your next game. Happy hiking!
yes any ranger or hiker on the Trail end tile counts as being ahead of any other ranger or hiker still on the trail. I haven't played in awhile and need to see how solo plays with the Nightfall expansion but I like the Solo system they included. It was a bit confusing at first how the rangers moved and youtube videos got it wrong but I asked some questions here. Asan aside The only houserules I use are A) specific to solo I replace the parks card(s) the ranger(s) removed at the trail end otherwise it's frustrating the game should be fun and there's nice artork I want to see it lol B) others have done this for any game is placing the Lookout as the special tile always placed in the first season so you can get the extra parks or gear opportunity throughout the game
I always liked the v1 rule as it made changing tokens to wildlife less of a no-brainer.
Same goes for the lodge, I interpreted the v1 rules to require a 2 for 2 exchange, where you can't gain a token of the same type you traded in. This made the tile require a bit of preparation.

Both changes feel like they're making the game more accessible for more casual players. But I would have liked it if they kept the original rules as an advanced option.
Place one water token on each of the 3 parks. When you visit or reserve the park, you gain the water token.
Question about the binoculars: There are different gear cards for them, they all let you take wild instead of the normal resource.

Does this mean, you take wild instead of all normal resources gained on that trail space? On the lake 2 wilds, on the mountain 1 wild or is it just "one wild" every time, independent of the normal income? All binoculars cost the same, but they seem not very balanced, in each case.

Question about the leftover weather tokens: It seems obvious, but what happen to them in a new season? Back in the box? It would have been easy to just briefly mention this in the manual.
This is a game-breaking problem for us at 2p. (Haven't played other counts since 'discovering' it.) It makes the best strategy to go as slow as possible, one space at a time. It's not fun at that point.

I hit on this a few games back and crushed my opponent. The next few games we both went as slow as possible to avoid the other person having both hikers on the trail cleaning up. I figured there was something we were missing so came here, only to find this thread right off the bat.

Other than a house rule to move them both, is there any way to combat this or render it an ineffective strategy? Because otherwise this is a game-breaker in this house. Love to hear I'm missing something...
Hi folks,

This is the iconography for the copy site action:
Oh yeah, just like it says in both the rulebook and the quick rules sheet.
I am much better at finding rules in the rulebook after someone tells me what the rules are. . .

In my (totally wrong) defense. It makes more sense mechanically to do it when you fill the bottle, but thematically when you empty it. You don't get refreshed when you fill the canteen, you get refreshed when you empty (drink) it.
In the previous example, would I be allowed to trade in [Water][Sun] to gain [Mountain][Mountain] and an additional [Water]?
Yes, answered above already, but to confirm, Gear and Park cards are refilled whenever one is taken.
The camera icon on its own means just taking it.
...I don't agree to call some strategy "hate-drafting" and considering it invalid or rude...
For your first and last question: like it says in the rulebook, none of the Trail end actions are limited to a number of hikers
(Gear and Reserving only give a benefit for being the first there)

As for the tent - if I recall correctly you can only copy trail sites (so not the trail end) with it
I know that if you move onto a trail site you’re required to take the action there (or one of the actions there). But does this apply to the trail’s end tile as well?

For example, if I lack the resources to visit a park or buy gear, am I required to reserve a park? Or can I go to the gear space, for example, without buying gear?

Thanks.

—Dave
I think, you may only have four resources left. Which one is up to you.
Fair enough, Donny.

Channas - has your question been answered?
This rule was oficially introduced with the Wildlife expansion.
Cameron… thank you for the “official” ruling on my three questions. This helps a lot! (And thank you to all of you who also chimed in!) Happy New Year everyone!
LAST HIKER(S) OR RANGER(S) ON THE TRAIL • If both of your Hikers reach the Trail End before the Rangers, all remaining Rangers are pulled to the Trail End, and do not take a Trail End action. If both Rangers reach the Trail End before your Hikers have completed their hike, all remaining Hikers on the Trail move to Trail End. Whether you have one or two Hikers remaining on the Trail, you may only choose one final action atTrail End before completing that Season.
...then can you complete 2 (or more?) in that single turn?
If a canteen is full (contains a water token) then the player will have benefitted from the bonus action in that season. I suspect you mean, They should have added some end game Bonuses for player who has an empty canteen at the end of the game. The rules as written (1) provide tactical competitive play and, I suspect, (2) there would also be a play balance issue.

(1) If an opponent has invested heavily in canteens, if you tactically take many (or all) of the available water tokens this will restrict your opponent's moves and waste this investment. This increases the trade-off decisions, increasing the game's interest.

(2) Canteen actions are powerful but you need to use a water tokens each time you want to have the benefit. That can be a cost you may not be able (or want) to pay in a particular season. Again, an interesting trade-off decision.

If there were additional benefits at the game end some of the current interesting tactical play would be pointless (forgive the pun). Furthermore, obtaining Canteens could then become a dominating strategy, limiting player choices.

Hope this helps,
Steve
Is this question about Trails? PARKS doesn't have badges, I believe Trails does.
I would play it as in the solo mode when the two rangers arrive at the trail end before the player. Both of the player’s hikers immediately move to the trail end and the player can only do one of the actions instead of two. There should be a penalty for lagging behind with both of your hikers.
Check the FAQ, the first point on page 8, in the rulebook.
Yes, gear is replaced immediately.

I'm not remembering any gear that exhausts upon use. Do you have an example?
Does it mean when I get a canteen I get 1 water or does it mean when I FILL a canteen I get another water (to fill a 2nd canteen)?
In a two-player game, if one player has already had all his hikers at the end and the second player still has his two hikers doing hiking, does it mean that the second player can have multiple turns, hiking as slow as he wants, until he moves one of the hikers at the end?
With the Nightfall expansion, can you take the campsite action, if it’s still available on the trail tile that is being copied?
In Nightfall rules : GEAR AND CAMPING • Gear cards that reference a
specific Trail Site still activate (if applicable) when a
player chooses to use to camp at that Site
Ahhhh. Yes I think I see that now in the rule book under the photo/camera section. Thank you.
In the base game, I'm pretty sure that only the Vista allows taking the camera.

In Nightfall, both White Sands National Park and Glacier National Park have an Instant Action to "Gain the Camera."
We're a little new to PARKS and had a couple questions I dont' think the instructions covered...

When can you buy gear?

As controller of the camera, when are you allowed to take pictures?

Is there an order of steps involved when you land on a part of the trail? Do you need to pick up extra resources first? Like before performing the action? Can you buy things or take pictures before performing the site's action? I have a fair amount of Fantasy Flight LCG experience, so I'm a bit of a slave to steps/timing.

Thanks in advance
Hi! Thanks for the questions

1) Only the gear on the board gets shuffled, not the gear in your hand.
2) The Rangers only pick up weather pattern tokens.
3) Yes, you can only choose to buy gear that is on top of each pile
Tronin wrote: "Is it really? The card literally tells you "When you visit a park, you may visit another one". "

---

Just do what the card literally says. The second park is also a park you visit.
Awesome! Glad to see I've been playing it correctly then. Thank you.
I ignore the rule that you can't refill a Parks card slot that a Ranger removes. That isn't fun.

I've played 22 solo games. I got the hang of it after a few plays. I've been blocked out of an end trail action only once or twice. I usually make sure I get the first player marker seems to help and to get the 1 VP.

I started a thread before half joking it makes me dislike Park Rangers. but I've gotten used to the mechanics.

I think the Solo rules are welcome and well designed. But you do have to read them or maybe more accurately pay attention when reading a few times.

I agree 'Down the trail' in Event cards sounds like it's towards the Start of the Trail not the end. But once I think about it it makes sense it's closer down to the Trail End. compared to the sayings going Down stream vs Up stream.

Fwiw I shot a video of one solo season/round tonight. I took the time to design card draws on purpose cramming a lot in as far as ranger movement, using the camp fire twice, using canteens filed with the water bottle gear during the season that gives a 1 sun discount to get more resources on one turn, getting a wild life, visiting then reserving a park, taking a photo at trail's end even though my last hiker was the last one on the trail, the camera is a separate action, and it's good that you start the solo mode with it. Not sure if/when I'll edit and upload it. But it was interesting to do. And difficult behind a tripod. I'm not one who can do a demo vid in one take. I'd have to do a head set voice over. That takes time. I'll see if I can do it.
Actually no.
The small dark green boxes on the left are the actual Ranger Trail End action slots.
The Rangers should be put there when taking their Trail End Actions.

The top row is "special" in that the first Ranger going there is then moved to the player action slot on the right, after discarding the leftmost Park card.
If the Ranger is the first taking the top action, they are moved to the "first player" slot and get the metal token.
If the player has already claimed first player slot (along with their Reserve a Park action), then the Ranger moves to the "reserve a Park" portion of the player action box, blocking it for the player's second hiker.

When the second ranger would be put on the top action box (the dark green small one, as usual), it stays there and nothing happens, being the second Ranger on that row.

Central and bottom rows on trail End work exactly the same: the Ranger is put onto the corresponding dark green small box and take the depicted action. The second Ranger getting on the same row does nothing, as usual.
When ending the season is still not clear for me....
What happens if a single player still has both their hikers on the trail when everyone else is at the end? Do they get to slowly walk along the trail until one of the hikers reaches the end, or do both of them get forced to the end?
Yes. You empty the water out of them at the end of each season, so they are available to be refilled in the next.
TOP SLOT - Discard the left-most Park on the board. The Ranger moves right to the slot and gains the if you have not already claimed the slot for the Season. If you have, then the Ranger moves to the Reserve a Park area, making the action unavailable until the next Season.
That's what I thought but it's confusing with the icon shown on tent matches that at trails end.
Note that the 1.0 rule didn't require the received tokens to be the same. Just that they didn't match any of the tokens you traded in. So you could trade 2 suns for a forest and a mountain but not 2 mountains for a forest and a mountain.

I prefer the original rule as it makes it a bit more interesting as you can't always do exactly what you would like. But I understand that the second version might be better suited for some groups.
If I recall the rules correctly you gain water whenever you gain a mountain from the supply. So when you trade resources you’ll gain the water as well, but only once per turn.

Cheers.
Dan
If the top portion of Government Shutdown triggers and the active ranger gets moved to the site before the trail end, do they get to pick up the weather token if one is there? I can’t find a clear answer in the rules. It only mentions rangers picking up weather tokens when moving to a site via gear card draw at the beginning of their turn.
By this rules quote a "turn" consists of only visiting "one site". So I am puzzled about what point you are trying to make in your final sentence because I interpret it as being a correction to mine.

On a turn, a player selects either one of their Hikers and moves the Hiker to a Site of their choice down Trail— anywhere to the right of that Hiker’s current location. When the Hiker lands on the new Site, the player performs the Site’s action. After taking the action, the next player clockwise takes a turn.
Thank you. That is what we did and what I though but sometimes whole game goes by and no one takes a card so it had me wondering.
The year cards state the minimum values needed to score points.
Ah ok. Thanks for clarifying!
This almost works, but not in all cases, so I would recommend focusing on photos costing 2 resources to take with a discount of 1 if you own the camera. It's important to note that while the camera discount applies any time you take photos, stealing the camera only happens during actions where the camera icon is present (like the Vista trail site). While gear cards like the Wide Angle Lens do allow you to take photos (and they can be discounted if you own the camera), they do not allow you to steal the camera. So, if you don't have the camera, it's not 1 resource to take the picture and 1 to steal the camera, it's 2 take the picture and you don't get to steal the camera.
Great Question. You can find the answer in the rulebook under the common questions section in "How do Sunscreen or Rain Gear work?"

In this case your friend is correct, that the map is intended to give you a discount on printed resources, not resources converted by other gear cards.
Hello,

I was curious, if you visit a park, are you able to decide if you want to use water acquired that turn on a Canteen after you see what the replacement park card will be? Knowing what the next card is could impact if you want to use the Canteen. My reading is you can but wanted to clarify.

"Whenever a Park is visited on the board, reveal a new Park from the Parks deck into the empty slot."

"To fill a Canteen, place a water gained that turn onto the Canteen instead of into your supply and perform the Canteen’s action"

Thanks!
This is my interpretation as well.

Note that there are gear cards such as Sleeping Bag and Binoculars that explicitly state “instead of.” I suspect/hope that “instead of” was therefore used on all relevant gear cards and that those without (e.g., Wide Angle Lens) are in addition to the regular trail site action.

Have fun!
I only played solo for the first time today, but I believe gear is put into play every ranger turn (with similar costing gear stacking up?)
There should be multiple gear options by the time you have the option to buy one, unless you move straight to the lookout or trail end on your first turn.
So no pics involved. Got it. Thanks!
Yes, you can discard any token, regardless of when you first picked it up.
That's a good point, I think I have been playing it wrong. Thanks!
I don't know, that seems like a legit move to me. I could see a problem if the rule for the trading site stated "Turn in one token and gain any one token, or turn in two tokens to gain any two tokens". Instead it states "Turn in one token and gain any one token. You may do this a second time." So there's a break there between the two trading actions. The rules for canteens don't say anything about filling before, during, or after site actions - just that the water must be gained on that turn. Unless I'm missing a rule somewhere I'd let that move stand.
Thank you everyone for the clarification.
Correct, but remember to shuffle the 3-cost gear cards when required to.
I just checked and the card speaks about using suns instead of mountains.
This is the retail version but I dont know why they changed it into mountains in this version im not using expansions
You always move forward on the trail. At this point in time, I do not believe there is any game element that permits moving backwards and default movement is always forward.
Does a second ranger move to the end or not when landing on the same spot as the first Ranger at Trail End?
In the trail end notes it reads: "If a second Ranger reaches the Trail End and would occupy the same space as the previous Ranger, nothing happens".

Option 1: the ranger moves to the end-of-trail, but effects of landing there do not trigger, for e.g. with a move 2, the camera and park slot 2 removal does not trigger again.
Option 2: The whole move not happening, as in, the ranger just stays there. In the above example, that would happen until it draws a "1" or "3" in a future turn, to then resolve a unique end-of-trail effect for sure (or unless the player goes end-of-trail with both hikers). I played with this option, but that allowed me to really take many extra turns, as the ranger kept drawing 2-star moves.
Thanks!

Another Question that came up: For the movement rules of the Hikers (which one to move), does a finished / end-of-trail Ranger count as being ahead on the trail or is s/he out?
Mike, I completely agree with your first answer (canteens can only be used once per turn).
I also technically agree with your second answer in that there is nothing in the rules that say you cannot use a card's effect to "trade in the same resource type" (for example a card effect for trading water/tree for mountain/tree).
The issue I have is the rule specifically cited in the FAQ about how to use the Lodge Trail Space, where you are trading 2 resources at the same time.
On page 8 in the Common Questions:
"HOW DOES THE LODGE WORK? At the Lodge, you
turn in any two tokens to gain any other two—excluding
Wildlife. Neither of the tokens you gain can match
the ones you turned in. You may even gain two of the
same type of token, as long as the ones you turned in
do not match it."

For the Lodge, it is very explicit that a double trade at the Lodge cannot be of the same type. So logically, one would wonder if that logic is meant to apply to any cards trading two resources as well. So, do we use an assumption that "the logic of 1 rule defines the logic of another similar rule" or do we play by exactly how the rules are written?

This sort of comes into play with another FAQ on page 8:
"CAN I VISIT A SITE WITHOUT TAKING ITS ACTION?
No. To visit a Site, you must be able to take its
action. For example, if you don’t have two tokens to
exchange, then you cannot visit the Lodge."

If there is a reason for why the Lodge is stated that way, then should that reason also apply to any cards with the same effect? (I don't know.) I think Keymaster needs to step in to clarify (at least for me). (But I do think by reading the rules as written, you are correct...)

So, let's say you need 2 mountains and you currently only have water/mountain. So in the Lodge (or a card????) I trade water/mountain for mountain/mountain. That may be bending the rules by not being able to correctly use a site without taking its action (you are not making 2 trades, only 1); would that also apply to a card or canteen doing the same?????
I'm not necessarily disagreeing with the two answers provided so far to this question but I'm also not convinced that they are correct either. Please check out and comment on
Think of it this way...

1. If the solo rules instruct a player to perform something different than what the multi-player rules already do, then do what the solo rules state (since there's only so much space on a single page to type rules that reiterate other rules).

2. If there's nothing in the solo rules that changes the multi-player rules, then follow the established multi-player rules.

Therefore...

• Gear cards are placed on the board in their respective one, two or three gear slots left-to-right after they're used to determine ranger movement. Do not Discard gear cards from the game. Leave them on the board in stacks/piles (whatever term you'd like to use).

The exception is if a ranger makes it to the bottom slot at trail end, then the 3 gear card stack/pile shuffled back into the deck for future use by the rangers and players ie. that's different than multi-player rules, so it's stated in the solo rules.

• The solo rules have no special rules that state ALL of the gear cards in the stacks/pile are available to buy, therefore just the TOP cards are like the multi-player game.
(I actually see no reason why the entire stack/pile would be).

• With that being said, house rules can always be used that may or may not break the play tested official RAW (rules as written) as you play test it. Or it just might make it more fun to play, or makes more sense to you.

• Another thing to note is that the rangers at trail end Discard Parks Cards from the game board, the solo rules say nothing about then drawing another from the parks deck to replace it on the board like the multi-player rules do.

• I posted in another thread about a separate issue that you can contact the publisher directly. I've asked for clarification questions when Parks first came out. They responded in a few days. Hope that helps!

https://keymastergames.com/pages/contact
Hi all!

I started playing Parks recently and am loving it. I've only ran into one ambiguity in my first play.

The sunscreen gear let's you pay sun in place of trees or mountains.

One of the season cards has the round bonus of paying one less sunshine to visit a park.

Let's say I am visiting a park that costs 3 water and 2 trees. I decide I will pay 3 water and 2 sun (since I have the sunscreen gear card). Will the round bonus allow me to pay 1 less sun? As in, does sunscreen's transformative powers stack with sun discounts when there is no sun printed on the park itself?
Some of the seasons add tokens to parks.
Thanks. For some reason it seemed confusing, since I had no tokens in hand, and didn't make sense that the second I get a token that I then convert it to something else. But now it makes sense. Thanks.
The rangers have their own spaces on the trail end. They won't prevent a player from occupying any spaces. The only time ranger being first really matters is when the take the first player token.
Hi, I‘m not sure if it‘s possible to copy the „visit park“ or any other actions which are at the end of the trail when i take use of the river location (pay one water to copy an occupied spot) if there is already a hiker on there. Pls help me out thanks!!!
Am I missing something?
I misread your question the first time I looked at it. I don't think a single hiker can purchase two parks when that hiker reaches the trail end. But each of your two hikers can purchase a park, if you have the resources, so you could end up with two parks in each season.
Good point, my apologies:
5. Here's a situation that might come up if you were *trying* to make a certain token type run out. In a 2-for-2 trade, are you allowed to trade Wildlife away? It's ambiguous how much of the text the phrase "(EXCLUDING WILDLIFE)" is meant to modify.
Sorry, but you're both wrong. A hiker that has arrived at the Trail End is no longer "on the trail,' so it doesn't count when figuring Ranger movement. You technically have one remaining Hiker "on the trail."
I personally think it's fine as currently worded. The reason I don't think they should be too specific with calling out which specific tiles/cards is so they can leave the door open for future content (such as the new Nightfall expansion)
This same thing happened to me also! I played it that the Ranger got that water token. I was bummed.

I still won pretty handedly (34 or 36 points).
2) In solo play at the Lookout trail site, a ranger does not take any actions at that site (no park or gear actions) but gets the sunshine or water tokens that may be on the Lookout site. Correct?
So the Rocky Mountain park card costs 1 tree and 4 other tokens. If a gear gives a tree cost reduction, it would lower the tree cost, but you can't use other discounts for the token cost. While the rule doesn't explicitly apply to season cards, I think the same rule applies.
Just a heads up, the thread referenced above got an answer yesterday. You CAN use a wild for the river.
You can, but it works once per visited PARK (not for the extra one).
Awesome, thanks!
On a turn, a player selects either one of their Hikers and moves the Hiker to a Site of their choice down Trail - anywhere to the right of that Hiker’s current location
What is the exact wording on the Binoculars card? I don't have the game with me right now. If I remember correctly, the effect amounts to "ignore whatever is printed on tile X and just take 1 wild". But I could be wrong, it's been a while since I played.

Weather tokens do remain on parks and are only removed if the park is visited or discarded.
PS: With the expansion (I don't have it yet!) - is it true, that a wild counts for two other resources? Maybe that was the intention, or "fix" behind this?
Getting that far ahead of your opponent with both hikers is usually a really bad play - for exactly the reason you mentioned.
Hmm... are you sure about this?
For what it's worth, the BoardgameArena rules state :
"Wildlife tokens, like their name implies, are "wild" and can be used in place of another token.
Except for filling a Canteen and 1-to-1 token exchange Canteen effect."
I understand from the rules that if a ranger "lands" on a space that has a hiker on it, then it goes to the next open space. What isn't explained is if the rangers always skip over hikers or they can pass through them, (counting spaces) and only the final resting spot of the ranger counts towards the next open space rule. (The flavor text about the rangers not wanting to disturb the hikers made me think that maybe they completely skip over hikers, even when walking through them, only counting open spaces...etc

We've been playing it as you only skip up a space if the ranger LANDS on a hiker..Just want to be sure.
* It costs you one token to take the camera from another player.
3) If I have reserved a park, am I obliged to buy it with the help of a second Hiker? Or the second Hiker can perform a completely different action, and the first Hiker at the end of the season simply gives resources and buys the park?
It means "take three pictures." So if you have at least six water on your visited parks and at least three pictures, you get two points.
Rules v1.1
Denying points to the opponents is a perfectly valid option in any game that allows it.

In a lot of games any action you choose denies someone something. Even here, when you choose to move your hicker somewhere, you're denying that tile's action to everyone that already used their firecamp. When you get a weather token, you're denying it to anyone else. You can say that any leftover resources you have at the end of the game, you took them for the sake of denying, since they were of no use to you.

If someone doesn't like it, then go play a different kind of game (cooperative or multi-solitaire), where there is no player interaction.
.
The River Trail Site:
Does everyone agree this is right? It seems a little weak since there is only one location to gain a canteen, most other season powers can potentially be used multiple times per hiker. It does show a plus sign on the card though, which is the gain a canteen icon so you're probably right. I just initially assumed it was triggered when filling a canteen.
As it was already said, not to leave both hickers from a rival alone on the trails is part of the strategy. It seems you failed on that point.
Can I use weather towards a trail site's action? Yes. Weather tokens on a Site are collected immediately, so they can be used towards the Trail Site's action, such as [exchange one token for a wildlife].
Hi,

sometimes some season cards ask you to add a specific token to the three displayed parks. If one of the three parks is not taken at the end of the season, do you need to remove the token or it stays there also for the following season even if the new season card states a different bonus?

Thanks
For question #3, I could argue the spirit of that card is a multiplayer one, hence when they state “a Hiker” they don’t say “your Hiker”, which means basically any Hiker on the trail, and in the case of Solo that would include Rangers. My two cents.
The game resets after each season and all hikers return to the trail head. Therefore the first hiker to reach the trail end on that season, and reserve a park, will get the first player token. It is not for the entire game, it is for each season.
Maybe that was an original idea that was changed later. Only use what's stated on the rulebook and on a FAQ.
Who goes first if no one reserves a park on the previous turn?

Thanks!
That is interesting. In the non-solo game, any number of players can take the top slot and reserve a park but only the first player to move there gets the first player token.

This is different in the solo game and the ranger blocks the action for the season.

Thanks for clarifying that for me.
Hey there Dániel! You just immediately replace it with to card of the gear deck.

Let me know if you have any other questions!
Yeah, the FAQ is on page 8. So are you saying that the interpretation from that page which I presented above is bizarre, or that it's bizarre that they have that rule?
How does the
You get the resource if you reserve or visit the park.
How does filling a canteen for free work with the water bottle? When you visit the Site mentioned, you may take a water from the supply for free and place it into a Canteen to activate it.
Yes, the Personal Bonus Cards (aka "Year" cards) are only resolved at the end of the game.

It appears that you're mistaking the symbol used on the card. It isn't saying to take three tokens. If you look on page 5 of the rulebook, that's the symbol for "take x photographs". So the card says that you must have six Mountain tokens icons on your Visited Parks, and also must take three photographs in order to gain the 2 point bonus. (Or 10 mountains and five photos for the 3 pt bonus).
Thanks to all
Thanks. I also didn't see a reserve limit as well so I guess I can reserve as many as I want throughout the game?
For such a simple game, the rules are really below average, poor layout, no setup illustration, several omissions, what a pity.
As some mentioned this is not mentioned at all in the rulebook?
Great callout! The reprints are not second editions but there are some differences between the two.

Here are the changes you can expect:
- flavor text error corrections (there were two on Park Cards and one in the rulebook). Reprints are always an opportunity to correct any errors like this.
- the icons on the trail were retooled to be more language independent because since the first printing, we've joined up with some localization partners. All the trail sites function the same. The Trading Post symbol and rule is the only one that's received any amendment as mentioned already. It allows for a single resource trade where needed rather than having to exchange two.
- A quick reference guide has been added as a separate sheet in addition to the rulebook.
Correct. Note that these tokens go on the ranger tracker. When the tracker is filled the 3 tokens used are returned to the supply (after taking the action on the card, the remaining tokens go to the next card)
Thank you guys!
I believe that we were, and remain, in agreement with each other.
Hi Alison,
@tdaning has answered your query. The relevant rules are on page 6 of the version 1.1 rules:

AT THE TRAIL END

RESERVE A PARK "...any number of players may still Reserve Parks here..."

BUY GEAR - "...any number of other players may buy Gear..."

VISIT A PARK - "Any number of Hikers can occupy the Visit a Park area."

But there are benefits reserved for the first player into RESERVE A PARK and for the first player (and second player in a 4- or 5-player game) into BUY GEAR.

Hopefully, this will put your mind to rest,
Steve
Six total water icons on your park cards (not including the lightning bonus icons).
I got that card in season one, bought also cards to reduce resources when visiting parks and won with 48 points.
They're for solo play only.
I agree. It’s confusing. If your hiker is the first to land on the top slot, and they’re meant to gain the First player marker and be able to reserve a park then they should’ve just illustrated the slot the same way as the multi-player side.
Wow!
I read this passage like 15 times and i always missed that.
Never happened to me before.
Welp, i must have been stoned or something!

Thanks everyone
Interesting idea. The rules as written imply you cannot exchange wildlife which makes a lot of sense (they aren't trying to make monopolies a viable strategy, they just don't want proxying).
The last time I played PARKS, it had been a year or more and I'd forgotten the rules. I remembered it being a pretty easy game, but it took me a couple of hours to dig through the rulebook and relearn it. I have some brain damage and digesting rulebooks is hard for me, especially when the solo rules are added on at the end and you have to keep flipping back and forth. So I made some notes, so that the next time it will be easier to get going. There's nothing really wrong with the rulebook, I just wanted a cheatsheet. My husband suggested I share it here, so here it is. I wrote it for solo play, since that's how I play it:

Setup
There are 5 Basic tiles (without *) and 4 Special tiles (with *). Don’t use waterfall. Shuffle the special tiles, draw one, put it with the basic tiles, shuffle, and lay them out between the Trailhead and Trail End tiles. Put the other special tiles to the left of the path. You will play four seasons, adding a special tile each season. When they are all used, you know it’s your last season.
Put the Parks deck on the board. Turn over three cards and lay them to the left of the deck.
The player gets the first-player token and camera at the beginning of the first season.
Put the Canteen deck on the board and draw one card. If you add water to it during gameplay, take its action immediately. Empty it at season’s end.
Put the Season deck on the board and turn over the top card. Note the special rule for that season. Also note the pattern of sun and rain. Lay out sun and rain tokens on the path, starting with the second tile after the start. Repeat the pattern until the last tile before the end. During gameplay, if you land on a tile with a token, take it into your store.
Draw two Year cards and keep one, discarding the other. This gives you extra points if you meet its criteria at the end. (I never manage to do so, so I may skip this.)
Put the Ranger Tracker card below the board (it has three suns and three rains.) Put the Event Cards deck beside it, face up. If a Ranger lands on a tile with a token, it goes on the tracker.
Put the deck of Gear Cards on the board, face down. Unlike the multiplayer game, do not lay out three cards.
Give yourself a Campfire (the rangers don’t need one.)
Put two of your hikers and two ranger hikers on the Trailhead tile (I use green for the rangers.)

Movement:
Player’s turn: Move one of your hikers to any unoccupied tile to the right, or to the Trail End. If you want to share a tile with another hiker, turn your campfire over. It will relight (turn back over) when one of your hikers reaches the Trail End. (See Trail End section below for details about moving there.) If you land on a card with a token, collect it. If the card has icons matching tokens, collect them from the store. If it has a wildlife icon, you may exchange one token for a wildlife token (wildlife tokens are wild, and can count for any type of token.)
Ranger’s turn: Turn over the top Gear card and place it in one of the three piles beside the deck (one sun on the left, two in the middle, and three on the right.) Use the number of suns to determine how many places the ranger moves. If any of your hikers are in front of both rangers, the foremost ranger moves. If not, the hindmost ranger moves. Rangers can share a tile, but if they would land on a player’s hiker, they move one space in front of the hiker to avoid disturbing it.

Photos: If you land on a Vista tile, you can either draw a canteen from the canteen deck (you can have as many as you want, but each can only be used once per season.) Or you can take a photo. If you don’t have the camera, a photo costs two tokens, and then you get the camera. If you do have the camera, it only costs one token. Also if you have the camera, you can take one photo at the Trail End for one token. Photos count one point each.

The Ranger Tracker: If either the top or bottom of the tracker is full, do the action on that part of the Event Card. Discard the tokens from that part of the tracker, but keep the tokens on the other part. Put the Event card on the bottom of the deck.

Trail’s End:
Player: Take one of the three slots and perform its action (Reserve a Park, Buy Gear, or Visit a Park.) There’s room for three hikers in each slot. The fourth one, on the left, is reserved for rangers. If you’re the first one to take the top slot, you get the First Player marker, which allows you to go first on the next season. If you reserve a park or visit a park from the three cards on the board, replace it from the deck.
Ranger: The slot they go to depends on how many suns on the gear card they used to get there. (The rules don’t say, but I assume if they overshoot the end they stop there.) Top slot is one sun, etc. The first ranger to go to that slot goes the left spot and does that action, unless you’ve already taken the First Player token. (You get to keep it.) The second slot returns the camera to the store. The third slot shuffles the three-sun gear cards back into the deck. If a second ranger arrives in the same slot as the first, nothing happens.
Also, if the Ranger goes to the first slot, discard the leftmost Park card on the board and do not replace it until the next season. If it goes to the second slot, discard the center Park card, etc.
When three hikers have reached the Trail End, the fourth one goes there automatically. (If it’s the second ranger, nothing happens.)

To Reserve a Park, chose one park from the three on the board and place it horizontally in front of you. Reserved parks do not count in the final score.
To Visit a Park, pay the cost of one of the parks on the board or from among your reserved parks, and place it vertically. The number on the park will count in your point total.
Put a new Season Card on top and shuffle a new trail tile into the trail.

Final Scoring: After four seasons, add up the numbers on the parks you’ve visited and get one point for each photo. If you met the criteria on your Year Card, take those points too. If you have the First Player token, you get one more point. The solo scoring categories are <20, 20-24, 25-29, and 30+.
This is an optional rule in the Nightfall expansion. The rules recommend wildlife tokens now count as two standard resources, certainly increasing their worth and flexibility.
We do this also as we often find that there are no gear cards that anyone wants and have had games, in the past, where no one would buy a single gear card. I was surprised that this wasn't how the rules were written.
The way I understand and play solo end game is basically the same as multiplayer.

If you still have two rangers out there, you continue moving forwards until only 1 ranger is left and then heshe has to finish, choosing whichever final action you prefer
Hi Henry, thanks so much for the reply. I maybe didn't explain it clearly. There actually is a Ranger down the trail, as well as one sitting with my back Hiker on the Trailhead tile. In this picture I am blue and the Rangers are pink (hope it uploads correctly). So my back hiker "can" move down the trail to the next (front) Ranger.
...a question I didn’t find resolution on anywhere else.
Seems like some have thought that the Park Pass is particularly strong. I am wondering whether folks have been allowing the user of the Park Pass to visit a Park, draw a new card to replace the visited Park on the display, and then decide whether to visit a second Park. Allowing this would make the Park Pass gear stronger for two main reasons: wildlife and gears that allow substitution of tokens become a lot more synergistic, and it reduces the extent to which the Park Pass user needs to reserve Parks. We decided that this was not allowed and indeed the Park Pass user did not manage to run away with the game like some have said.
Sorry you misunderstood me. I meant the leftover weather - forecast - tokens on the trail spaces, what happen to them, before a new season starts?

There is no "wording" on the binoculars card. Its you may take (bear icon) instead of (water water icon) - or (bear icon) instead of (mountain icon)
Or, you could get the Wildlife expansion so he can have more canteens to grab!
In the trail tile that has the action of taking photo by submitting two tokens.....
If i already own the camera, do i still have to surrender two tokens???
Shouldnt one token less discount apply
¿Does the tokens on canteens count for token limit purpouses?
Example, If I have 11 tokens and one fulled canteen (with its own token). How many tokens do I have? 11 or 12?
After we found this rule, it took the game from a fun easy game where there wasn't one strategy to one where everyone either has to do this strat of play against this strat. It has moved it from a game I would break out with anyone, to a game in my sell pile.
you can see them on the Kickstarter page: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/keymastergames/parks-th...
or The KS preview rules directly (not final): https://www.dropbox.com/sh/yj45iqv6bnnd6u2/AADBI7SY-VVOJzlJd...

Not sure if there is a final .pdf copy the same that comes in the box anywhere out there?.
At the Lodge, the tokens you turn in must not match the tokens that you gain from it. The tokens that you gain from it also trigger Season effect bonuses. The example given is:
Found the answer, somehow didn't see the 2nd page of threads on my phone.
Yes, they are put on the Tracker, ref:
https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/2297552/solo-weather-tokens...
That’s correct.

Happy hiking!
There are not "tons of parks", there are only 3 available at any one time. That's not "a lot".
"One of their hikers" can be the first one or the second one.
The OP starts, "My wife and I .......". Any 'coupled' person should understand the sentiment expressed.
Thanks this helps a lot!
This sounds like a Trails question, which I'm happy to answer! Research badges do not discount future purchase but, rather, are discounted when you buy them. You can see a full description of the badges and their actions on pages 14-15 of the rulebook:

Research - "This Badge costs one resource less for each Badge of its type that you have already earned."

I hope that helps clear things up and that you are enjoying Trails!
You can only take ONE picture with the dedicated picture space action (Vista), and at the end of the season if you have the camera. Some gear cards also let you do it.
According to the FAQ, yes Seems a bit off.

In general the intention seems to prevent blocking, and I guess they think that Ocean (two water) when there is 1 water in the supply is blocking as much as if there is no water left.
Thanks for the replies! Make sense with removed water, phrasing in the polish manual is pretty poor though, as it used the same word standing for "Aquire", so it gets little confusing.

Are you guys sure about this item stacking mechanic? I am not doubting, I just realized that I may have phrased it poorly.

Lets say I have 2 items:
a) Water filter (You can get 3 water tokens instead of a tree token when visting an area with a tree)
b) Sleeping Bag (You can get 3 sun tokens instead of a tree token when visiting an area with a tree)

Then you say that I have to choose the effect and not have both? Any rules to back this up or is it your educated guess?
If a Hiker arrives first in the top area, he just maintains (or gets) the First Turn Marker, or he can reserve a park, too?
When you take "copy action" of another site action and pay water for it, can you then go the same campsite the player went or you need to stick only to copy action on the trail site?
AFAIK, you can reserve as many Parks as you wish... (not sure I saw a maximum...)
No. Rules say select one.
The point of the game is to have more point than your opponent! If by denying them a Park means that I will have more points then them at the end of the game, then I’ll reserve that park every time I have the chance, it’s mean, but that’s the point of a competitive game, if you don’t like doing mean things to your opponent then you should probably play cooperative games.

I consistently do things like this to my wife it makes the games more entertaining!
It says you have to be able to complete an action to move to a tile. So does this mean I HAVE to exchange 2 tokens or just one with the second being optional.

I'm a little confused so any help would be great.

Thanks
Ah, thank you!
Thanks, and I have another question, can I buy multiple gears at the end of a season?
TOP SLOT - Discard the left-most Park on the board. The Ranger moves right to the slot and
gains the if you have not already claimed the slot for the Season. If you have, then the Ranger
moves to the Reserve a Park area, making the action unavailable until the next Season
Specifically, are photos "Tokens"? We've played a few games so far, and we initially ruled that they are tokens because they are literally tokens and the token icon is square like the photos. So we allow trading water, sun, etc. for for photos or vice versa with the 1:1 trades and counting wild animals as photos for goals, but we also counted photos toward the 12 token limit. I have a feeling that might not be the intended ruling.
In solo mode, if the ranger takes the middle slot and the player has possession of the camera, does it still go back to the supply, or only if the ranger has possession?
I have a question about this perk! We have expansions and have the tile that allows you to trade a photo for resources. When it says “take 3 photographs” does that mean you have to have 3 photos at end game, or just that you took 3 photos, even if you traded them in.
There is a gear card that lets you do this. But otherwise, no.
That's in direct contradiction with the RAW
If you are not or cannot buy gear or visit a park, then you should be using your hiker to reserve a park.
This is incorrect. Per the latest version of the rules posted here:
Just one at a time. But players can extinguish their campfire to visit a location that already has another hiker on it. If your campfire is already extinguished, you cannot visit a location that already has a hiker.
2) At the start of a new season, are the campfires relighted for all players?
I heard that if you have equipment that gives you, for example, a drop of water when you activate the mountain course tile, if instead of doing the action of the tile you use the tent, the bonus is also triggered. Is this correct?
Hi Everyone
Sorry if this is an obvious question - i just want to check my understanding.

So after you have decided who will start the game (and get the first player token) the only way for anyone else to get the first player token from that original player is to be the first person to reserve a park at the end of the trail?

So if no one ever reserves a park at the end of trail the first person token never leaves the original person who started the game - is that correct?

thanks
Yes, the correct term is Canteen.
.

Otherwise, in multiplayer or in cases like placing sun/rain tokens, the trail end and trail beginning are not trail spaces.
That top slot is a bit confusing.

They're essentially 2 separate "spaces" or "sections" inside the first slot separated by the vertical line |

If you look closely at the tile it says "Rangers (underneath the first player token) • Closed (underneath the reserve a Park)"


A. If a lone Ranger ; ) gets to the empty top slot first then they take the first player token or maintain it if they already have it. They're placed in the far left section on top of that icon. The Reserve a park section of the top slot is empty therefore available for one or more hikers or the other ranger.

B. Then if the other ranger gets a 1 sunshine gear card to move into the top slot before your hikers can then they close the Reserve a park space. So if both rangers are in the top slot before any of your hikers get to the Trail End your first hiker can't go to the top slot at all. Your other hiker would still be on the trail and can not take an action anyway.

C. If the other ranger does not draw a 1 sunshine gear to go to the top slot where the other ranger is then Reserve a park is open for one or both of your hikers. If one or both of your hikers wants to reserve a park they can do that. both of your hikers could reserve a park if they get to the Trail End before the last ranger. The hikers just can't take the first player token from the ranger who got there first.

D. If your first hiker gets to the empty top slot before both rangers then your hiker gains or maintains the first player token AND the other hiker can reserve a park if they're not the last one on the trail. If a ranger or hiker gets to that Slot then they occupy the Reserve a park space. The ranger could not take the first player token from the hiker. but they will block the Reserve a park space ie. block it from your other hiker if they're not the last one on the trail.

E. If both hikers are on the trail when both rangers are on the Trail End tile then only one of your hikers can take an action including if the top slot is available per A or C.
JonWashington
Thanks guys, it seems I played it correctly
The rulebook covers what the rangers will do, not what they won't do. If it's not in the rulebook, then they don't do it.
Might not be as clearly as you want it to be, but the rulebook mentions on page 5 "When you have the Camera, you’re on a roll! When taking a photo, it only costs 1 token instead of 2."
Thank you for all the replies
Hi,

quick questions on gears:

some gears they give you a discount to visit a park. Example:

Compass: Parks cost 1 sunshine and 1 water less.

I my park requires only one of these two, can I still use the discount or you must need both of them?

thanks
Take 3 (or 5) photos.
Edit: Ninja'd - The icons match the tiles that you take for each photo.
Hope this helps,
Steve
Getting ready for my first group play tonight... am studying the rulebook and want to simply confirm that I understand a few things correctly...

1) My first skimming of the rules had me assuming that each player gets to use their Campfire only once per Season. But then it occurred to me that that assumption is wrong. Each player will actually get to use their Campfire twice per Season! Because each player will still have a Hiker on the trail when the first Hiker reaches the Trail End and relights the Campfire. Thus the Campfire is available for use again for the 2nd Hiker to use.

Is that assumption correct? (I.e, is that how the game actually plays out)?

On a side note: This also causes me to assume that many of the later Trail Sites will open up again for each player's 2nd Hiker as the first Hikers make it to the Trailhead. Very interesting. There appears to be more depth to maneuvering on the trail than I had originally anticipated, as deciding which Hiker to "bring in" first creates some tactical decision space!


2) The rules are very clear that actions on the Trail Sites must be taken. But the rules are silent regarding the actions on the Trail End tile (Reserve/Visit Park, Buy Gear). Do I assume correctly that the actions at the Trail End are optional? I really can't see how they could be mandatory, so I'm assuming they're optional. Can this be confirmed?

Thanks!
I think I know the answer to this question but I want to verify on page 8 of common questions it says I cannot visit a site without taking its action but that doesn't mean the trail end does it? if I don't have enough markers or the correct markers to visit a park or enough markers to get one of the camp gears, or if i don't want any of the camp gears am I forced to reserve a park instead or can I just do nothing?
Is it move hiker A to a new site, then use tent to repeat the same site action hiker A is on?
or can I not move the any hiker A, use tent to repeat hiker A site action, and count as a turn?
or can I move hiker B to a new site, but use tent to repeat action of hiker A?
If I have the Wide angle lens gear, do I gain the camera when I visit the forest and pay 2 ressources to take a photo when I do not not own it previously?
If you hadn't already gotten one of your hikers there first, the ranger takes the first player token. If a hiker has already gotten there and taken the first player token, then the ranger moves to the "reserve a park" and blocks it from your other hiker.
Still no clarification on this I guess.
I take the 24 + 24 + wildlife solution. More variety that way.
#1 has been answered correctly above so I'll jump to #2

At the Trail End, there are 3 things you can do. 2 of them cost resources of some kind, and one of them does not. If you are not or cannot buy gear or visit a park, then you should be using your hiker to reserve a park. A player who cannot buy gear, cannot place their hiker on the gear slot to block a discount spot from another player.
Carey,
I beleive the FAQ shown on page 7 of the rule book provides the answer (unless I am missing something)
Here it is:

DOES THE LODGE COUNT TOWARD SEASON
EFFECTS? Yes. For example, if you visit the Lodge
during the Season of Snow and you turn in [FOREST SUNSHINE]
to gain [MOUNTAIN MOUNTAIN] there, then you will trigger Season of
Snow’s effect and gain one additional [WATER].
This trail site coming at random times made the scoring too swingy.
Yes, they are discarded.
Do photos count towards that limit then?
Is the last hiker still allow to take park action or buy a gear ?
The water tokens are not lost when your canteens are emptied. They go to your personal supply.
You are correct that it would have been helpful if there was an explanation at the beginning that Solo Rules would only be dealt with starting on page 10.

However, I am not suggesting that a rule exception for solo play should be included in the "BUY GEAR" section on page 6. I am suggesting that it would have been far better to include the following wording on page 6 to avoid all possible ambiguity ----- "In a game of 2 or 3 players......" instead of "In a game of 3 or fewer players...."

How many fewer players less than 3 can there be anyway? If you are a solo player, you would naturally think that this applies to you as well. Yes, there is a brief mention on the last page (that is easily missed) but even that reference does not say to disregard the wording on page 6.
Right - I wasn't sure if my last hiker on the trail couldn't take an end-trail action, then could I even move it to the trail end on my turn?

And, if the answer is "No, you can't move it to the trail end if you can't take any of the trail end actions," then would another hiker on the trail just get to keep moving since my hiker is essentially stuck?

But, if you can reserve multiple parks, the whole question is moot because a hiker will never get stuck on the trail due to an inability to take a trail-end action. They'd just HAVE to reserve another park rather than buying gear/visiting a park.
The season cards themselves also explicitly note the three available Parks, so tokens are not added to your reserved Parks.
I believe you keep both. Even in the base game, there are parks with multiple cards, so it's not completely unprecedented.
A Canteen can only be filled with [water] gained on a turn to take its action. To fill a Canteen, place a gained [water] that turn onto the Canteen instead of into your supply and perform the Canteen’s action.
I haven't, though I have had luck with other game designers/publishers answering rules questions on BGG in the past so I figured I'd wait and see if they answer here first. It looks like they're just coming off of SHUX so I'll give it a few more days and then possibly reach out later in the week if we haven't heard anything.
I usually find games that can incorporate effective soft limits to be pretty ingenious. Hard limits are easier but not necessarily better.
The Slots for Rangers on the Trail End token are not the big rectangular (regular) action slots with "Reserve a Park", "Buy Gear" or "Visit a park" text in them.
The Ranger Trail End action slots are the smaller dark green boxes on the left of the player Trail End action slots.

When a Ranger reaches the Trail End, you put their hiker on one of those small boxes.
If it's the top one, they
1. remove the leftmost Park card from display without replenishing it
2. Then the ranger moves that hiker to the right
2a. If YOU (the player) haven't already claimed the first player slot in this season, the ranger get it by placing their meeple on the "first player icon" space
2b. If YOU (the player) have already claimed the first player slot- 8and consequently already reserved a Park), the Rangers move their hiker on the "Reserve a Park" box, blocking the action (for you, Rangers don't reserve parks for themselves) for this season

When the second Ranger reaches the Trail End with a 1 sun card, nothing happens because it would occupy the same slot of the previous Ranger.
This means that if they have claimed the first player slot with their previous Ranger, the "Reserve a Park" action does not get blocked for the Season.

In any case, you always have at least one chance to Reserve a Park in each Season.

For the second and third row of actions on the Trail End token, the Ranger doesn't even move from the small box. So when they occupy the corresponding small box, they discard the central or rightmost Park card and then return the Camera / reshuffle the 3-sun-cost Gear cards accordingly and then stay on the small box.
The second Ranger reaching the same small box simply does nothing, just like before. The corresponding big boxes (Buy a Gear card and Visit a Park) are for the player and can always be claimed.
How about in Solo play? The gear cards are often being refilled by ranger actions at trail end, but if you buy the only gear in a slot, does it automatically refill? Or do you have to wait for a ranger to uncover another piece of gear for that cost?
It seems easier to place the entire deck there, but whatever floats your boat.
2. There are also 3 other season cards that invlolve placing tokens on equipment cards and at the end of the trail. If for example nobody would collect those tokens would they get discarded after the season ends?
I am not sure, but I would say that you can only use the 1 water that you "gained" to fill one canteen. You can only fill canteens in the moment when you gain water. I would say that the water being moved from the canteens is not being gained - you already had it - and so you cannot use it to fill canteens.

Good luck with the video!
That's exactly what happened in our first game.
Thanks a lot!
No one sentence in a rulebook is ever written in a vacuum nor should it be considered as such. Rules are written as a whole and are constructed to be consumed in such a way, unless the publisher intentionally designs the rules to be "learn as you play" as some do. The first sentence, referring to "one of" is not a rule per se as much as it is telling you how campfires relight. It would be common for a player to reach the end of that section and wonder how their campfires can be used again. This sentence informs them that it is something that will happen. The next section of rules explains the rules on how that happens, with the appropriate timing.

I do agree with Barry, "owning", or my preference "controlling", should be in the sentence in the second section to avoid ambiguity over who gets to refresh their campfire.
They remain.
Doesn't seem weird to me.

Like Steve Froud & Burning_Tyger basically said, there is no way a player could break the game by reserving parks. You can only choose to reserve a park a certain number of times, so you will never (for example) run out of parks.

And anyway, taking every single opportunity to reserve a park is a great way to make sure you lose the game.

So having an arbitrary limit would fix neither a game-breaking loop nor an obnoxious way of winning.
Great! Thanks!
Then when you come to buy gear you can only buy the top gear card from any of the stacks.
The water was there from the Season card's weather pattern? Yes, you can still use the effect of the location.
3) Can the actions on canteen cards be used every season (provided they are activated by water)?
This gives the idea that you can take the camera and not take a picture, which is invalid.
I play that it doesn’t affect your campfire, because I believe you only use the campfire during your turn (and events are not during your turn). Also, moving your hiker in that way is penalty enough!
The only exception is, "Return any unused Year cards facedown to the box"; presumably, this is to avoid inadvertent revelation of an objective that is not in play
When you have a gear that says "You may spend water in place of tree when visiting parks", does it mean I can spend as many water in place of as many trees, or only one?

For e.g. if a park requires 2 waters and 2 trees. Can I spend all 4 waters to visit the park? Or can I only do 1 water instead of 1 tree, and essentially spend 3 waters and 1 tree to visit the park?

Similar gear is Sun in place of Mountain.
I can confirm that you are correct with #1. You will potentially be able to use your Campfire twice a season. This can oftentimes be a bigger decision than it might at first appear. There have been times I've rushed my first hiker to the Trail End so that I'd get access to my Campfire back.
Correct, this is the same as the multiplayer game. You don't have to choose. You get the First Player token if a Ranger didn't get it first.
So I've read the manual(German) a couple of times and I've searched this forum but I'm STILL not sure when it's allowed to take pictures?

Is it only possible at the Vista, when you also get the camera or can you take a picture anywhere as long as you got the resources to do so?
If the latter, is it kind of a bonus action which you can choose to do additionally?

Please can someone explain? I've played the game 3 times and I really like it but this isn't clear for me.
Hey there,

Where goes the water from the canteen at the end of a season? To your personal supply or to the common supply?

Thanks a lot!

BR
Thomas
There is a tile with a PARKS action which can be copied, unless that is out what you are saying is not possible.
Thanks all for your answers !
This implies that the base rules want each hiker to move forward in order to visit a site - and only when visiting a site you can choose to trigger standard campfire action. Those rules are modified by Tent gear, which gives you the option to spend campfire in order to revisit current Site (one your hiker is already on), although in this particular case the phrasing isn't ideal, because it doesn't specify whether that's in addition to your standard movement (and visit) or instead. But, of course, you can imply using reason that they meant "instead".
I'll edit my post above to avoid any further confusion.
Yes. This question popped up in another thread too:
And the tokens stay on the parks until somebody visits or reserves them, and new tokens are not placed on any new park cards that are added that season.
Yes. The theme and mechanic of the game is so reminiscent of
1) In solo play at Trail End, when a ranger discards a park card by taking one of the three actions there, the ranger does not get the water or sunshine tokens on the card. Those tokens are put into the general supply. Correct?
Symbol for gain a canteen: canteen with a plus sign inside
Symbol for fill a canteen: canteen with a water sign inside
and you keep the camera.
(See "TRAIL SITES" on the "PARKS GUIDE GAME ACTIONS" sheet that came in the box, and the rulebook, page 5, "PHO TOS & THE CAMERA").

2) you may take a photo when you place a ranger on the trail site specified on a WIDE ANGLE LENS Gear card that you have purchased:
This topic has been discussed elsewhere but I am not satisfied with the conclusions drawn.
Let's start with a summary of the way I think it is intended to work.

When the Player takes the 'reserve a park' action at the End of the Trail, and they are the first to do so, they get to reserve a park and receive the first player token.
When the Player takes it again, and they are second, they 'reserve a park' and nothing more.
If a Ranger is second, they do nothing except occupy the space so that the player may not choose it.

If the ranger is first, they occupy the 'space' with the first player token and take the token.
Then, if the player is second, they may 'reserve a park' and nothing more.
If the remaining Ranger is second, they do nothing except occupy the space so that the player may not choose it.

Is this correct? Is this the way everyone plays?
The question was whether the resources are left on the Parks at the end of the season.
You can only buy one gear at a time.
We played last night and just visited the reserved parks as soon as we gained the right resources. I think we visited a lot more parks at the end of the game.
If you allow me to slightly correct the "except in solo" part: in the solo game there is also no replacing.

The point you probably want to make is that rangers could have discarded one or two of the available parks, which are only re-filled at the end of each season.
What is your logic/source for your answer? From the card alone it can be reasonably read either way. Also, other gear actions do not take your whole turn.
Yes, you played correctly! See here:

https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/2274241/article/32918170#32...

It's in the FAQ at the end of the rulebook.

Remember the limit of 12 tokens per player...so gaining lots of stuff really fast can get you close to the limit.
Thanks for the (official, I presume?) answer.

I played my first game last night at my local MeetUp, and that's how we played it, as that's how it's described in the official how-to-play video which I caught on my way out the door.

Though to be honest, my original notion (that the Trail End actions - particularly the "Reserve Park" action - might be optional) was confirmed last night. I got to the point during the game where I didn't need nor want any more Reserved Parks. I had more than I could ever hope to Visit. So that's why I expected that the answer would be that it's optional.

Regardless, thanks for setting the answer straight! BTW, it's a great game... a lot more depth to it than first appearances belie!
Really glad you provided this parsing of the words "hiker" and "player" directly out of the rulebook . . . it really helps to understand how the rules support the conclusions being reached in this thread.
...There is very little incentive to skip ahead much and in fact the better strategy is probably to try and lag behind. I don't know any of this for a fact, we'll have to try the game again with the correct last hiker rule in mind.

To pull hikers along, perhaps a different trail end tile, with more enticing rewards, would be helpful when playing with 2 players.
When you fill a canteen, you get the resources or action listed on the canteen.
Thanks for your reply terry - much appreciated. That all makes sense. I'd missed the rule for my second scenario - well spotted! So basically if the second ranger lands on the same spot as the first ranger at trail end, there is no impact (other than pulling any remaining hikers to trail end).

Thanks for the help.
If you're playing a non-English version, it may be a translation issue, but the English rulebook is clear.
The “Research” badge card says “Cost one less [icon] for each [flag] you have”

This means that this badge’s cost is reduced according to already-purchased badges?

(We’ve been playing it as this card reducing the cost of future purchases, and just realized that we’d misunderstood. I’m triple checking we’ve got it right, now.)
Well, the rules on these expansion icons are still unclear to us and therefore we originally decided to take the strictest interpretation (but I think we may have broken with that once when our daughter wanted to use the wildlife).

You perhaps are looking at the limitations in the base rule and determining something is permitted because it is not explicitly limited. I am looking at the first sentence for what is permissible and deciding what is permitted is only that which is explicitly stated as permitted. On the other hand, you may just be deciding that this action is a "take Photos" action. Your interpretation is perfectly valid and at this point I would recommend to do what the group thinks is best. It can't really matter that much.

Our reasoning for being strict was as follows. The base game rules state in two sentences:
From memory, you can only take a picture when you take the action at the right spot on the trail - the Vista, I suppose, unless you have the camera at the end of the round, and then you can take another single bonus picture.
Yes, that's correct.
I don't know the reasons why.

But Version 1.1 of the rulebook explicitly states, in the "Common Questions" section on Page 8, that with the Lodge's action "Wildlife cannot be turned in or gained here." So Wildlife tokens cannot be used in either side of either of the one or two transactions you make in a Lodge action.
The movement rules say "If a Hiker is ahead of both Rangers on the Trail, move the Front Ranger—the one furthest down the Trail". But if one of my hikers is at the trail end and the other hiker is somewhere at the beginning of the trail with both rangers ahead of him, do I move the front ranger or the ranger behind him? Basically, does my hiker who is at the trail end count as "ahead of both rangers"?
Hm, that makes them kind of underpowered then, compared to their cost.
Where in the rulebook do you see this?

Edit: nevermind, I found it on page 5 of the Nightfall rules. I didn't realize these were Parks specifically from Nightfall.

Thanks for the reply!
Do you need to replace the older card by the new one, or do you keep both (and then, there is several Acadia National Park with different cost) ?
I know that rules doesn't specify anything about it, but I was wondering is the game is better while replacing or not.

Thanks !
1) Tent gear card: “Spend your campfire to have your hiker revisit their current site.” Does this mean that when it is your turn, you can extinguish your campfire and your hiker can stay at the same trail site?where he/she is currently located and again do the action at that site?
Also remember that the player holding the first player marker is a victory point at the end of the game.
- Is it allowed to buy more then one gear card with 1 hiker? The manual says "Select one of the three available Gear cards on the board and turn in Sunshine equal to its cost."
Can i select another card after the first i bought?
You're correct. If either of your hikers reach the trail end you can relight your campfire, and therefore potentially use it twice in each season.
Thank you for clarification that rule. Polish rulebook is not precise imho.
I've left it on, as there's no language that says you remove anything between seasons.
You can spend as many as you can.
Oh, since I always play with Nightfall, Year cards deck stays into play.
Ok thanks, that's what I thought as well.
- Reserved parks that go unpaid for at the end of the game or simply discard. They do not count for points nor do they count against you.
When your hiker gets to the end. So if you are first there and you reserve a park you can take first player Token or get some gear for a one sun discount. Other hikers take their actions as they get there. Don’t forget to take a photo if you have the camera and reset your campfire.
Yeah, speaking across all games generally, that's an example of what bugs me about many rulebooks now-a-days... while they've gotten much better at foreseeing FAQs and then actually including them in the rulebook vice a separate later-to-be-published document...

I still wonder why some of the answers provided in the included FAQs aren't written in the rules instead?

I mean, your original question is a good one. Most of us would resort to our intuition in order to form an answer on the spot, but I hate having to rely on my intuition. After all, it's mine, not the designer's. So I'd much rather resort to the designer's ruling on any matter.

So in this case, by including the ruling as an answer to a "Common Question", it boggles my mind why they simply didn't write it into the rules instead, so that it doesn't have to be a question??????

They could've easily included in the rules under "Reserving a Card", that if it has a token on top, you gain that token.

Sorry... rant over.
The english name they're using is "Canteen".
Yes, if you want to use your canteen, you must fill it and use it on the turn that you gained a water or a wild. Thematically, it's like saying you came upon a river or it rained and you have to take advantage of the fresh water when you find it. The canteens all give a bonus so it's not like you're storing water for no reason.

It's like you filled up your water bottle so you could see more trees or spend more time on a sunny beach without getting dehydrated. You're not exactly "storing" the water tokens there. You're basically using the water to get other resources. Leaving the water tokens there just indicates you've used the canteen already this season.
Depends on if you already have the camera or not. If you have it, it's one. If not, it's two.
Thanks, so the card in question means just reserve a park in your area?
For the movement rules of the Hikers (which one to move), does a finished / end-of-trail Ranger count as being ahead on the trail or is s/he out?
do I just pass my turn - and the other player gets to move their hiker along the trail until they reach the end?
Immediate refill. Answered by the publisher here:
1.1 rule book
Dig it!
Thanks for the quick reply. Can’t believe I missed that in the rule book.
The relevant portion of the rules is in Section Taking Turns on the bottom of page 3:
I like both of these rules even with the expansion.
I'll also add whenever someone draws a gear/canteen/year card, draw 2 and keep 1.
I'm a little confused about how Gear works because it seems vastly different in multiplayer than in Solo. Can someone clarify and confirm that my assumptions below are correct?

In a Multiplayer game, you start with 3 gear cards out in the gear slots. They do not have to be organized by cost, right? What you see is what you get. This is vs the solo version where you start with NO gear cards revealed. This means that if you reach trail end before the rangers do, you have no way of buying gear?

In a Multiplayer game, you immediately replace a purchased gear item with a new card.

In a Solo game, you can buy the gear that is visible at the bottom of the board but if you purchase the only item in a stack, it does not get immediately replaced.

In a Solo game, a gear card is far more likely to get a ranger into the trail end (because it would move a ranger into trail end from 1, 2, or 3 spaces away), which means that removal of the Right park card is more likely, as is the action of cycling the gear cards as they get shuffled back into the gear deck. I believe this would have the same effect as seeing the same cities pop up more toward the end of the game in Pandemic. Can anyone confirm?
We were playing and came across a specific card relationship that had the table up in arms.

Player 1 owned the Parks Pass gear (When you visit a PARK, you may visit another one) and landed on the River tile. They attempted to copy the Lookout tile and purchase a park.

This is where things got hairy. Player 1 and I believe that they are correct to be able to purchase a second park while Players 3 and 4 stated that it didn’t count as visiting that site, so Player 1 couldn’t duplicate the buy action with the Parks Pass gear.

Anyone else come across this unique situation?
While I agree with your assessment, several others in my game group don't agree, which is why I'm here trying to get clarification
The map reduces the cost, no more, no less. Tell the other player to stop making up rules.
This is absolutely correct! Thanks for hopping in here Brandon. Hope this helps clear up some confusion.
Okay, the gear part is clear! But you also specifically have to be on the site for the camera to get it right? Or do I still misinterpret this rule? And what about the gear that let you take a picture? I don't think that gets you the camera right?
But only if all hikers of all other players have already finished the trail.
No. Those Parks remain available to be visited in later seasons with the Sunshine token still on them.
(Logic: there is nothing in the rules that say that they need to be removed.)
Enjoy the sunshine,
Steve
Is it possible to buy the exact same gear more than one time?
ex: 2 or 3 plans to reduce 2 or 3 suns?

Or it's only one of a kind?

Thanks
Here's how we play it: since the rule is clear about discarding down to 12 at the end of your turn, we figure we have full flexibility to go over 12 resources and do anything with those resources during the turn. Fill canteens, swap, etc. If we enter a space that gives one (or more) resource when we already carry 12 resources, we simply ensure we've discarded down to 12. Here's a real-world example: if you have a "gain 3 waters at the Mountain" gear card and you already have 12, but you really need more water to visit a watery park, you could go to Mountain, get your 3 waters, and discard your 3 forests (or whatever) to stay at 12.
It wouldn't make sense if the first canteen only nets you one water, but if instead it nets you resources beyond the one you spent, as most do, then you can spend the second one and still come out ahead on resources.
I disagree with this interpretation. Other cards allow multiple usages in a single action without explicitly saying so. Again, "any time' is "any time". No additional qualifications are stated within the wording of the card. I accept that is not the intent, but I think the text on the card alone is not enough to convey that.
Wildlife cannot be used in Canteens or toward buying Gear.
Yes.

I asked the same question a few months ago. Here's the official reply:
You can’t move backwards in this game.
TOKEN LIMIT • Players can carry up to 12 tokens with them. If you have
more than 12 at the end of your turn, you must discard down to 12.


Emphasis on "at the END of your turn". In your example you'd have 9 resources at the end, so no discard necessary.
I don't know the official ruling on this, but I have been playing this as allowable if any hiker OR hikers are located on the site I want to copy. Essentially, as long as the site is occupied.
My question has to do with the fact that there is a Ranger standing on the Trailhead site with my back hiker. But from your answer, I assume that since I can "move", I should probably move down the trail to the front hiker.
Yeah, the canteen water is not a new resource, it is an old one from previous turns. So I’d say you can’t reuse it for canteens (which is why you’re getting that extra “new” water).
One of the gear cards (Parks Pass) says, "When you visit a park, you may visit another park."

Can the effect of this card be used again? I visit a park, then because of Parks Pass, I visit a second park. But I just visited a park, so I visit a third park. Naturally, I need to have the tokens to be able to do this.
That is how I play it! It seems to make sense.
Sorry if this has been asked before.

At season end, do the sun and water tokens on the ranger tracker card get put back into the supply or do they carry over from season to season?

Thanks!
Hi Keith,
if you have this compass, when you visit a park you can discount in three ways:
1 Sunshine,
1 water,
1 sunshine and 1 water.

To interpret that the Sunshine/Water Compass can only be used to visit a park with a Sunshine and Water cost, would mean that if you bought the Compass that gave you a two Water discount, you could never visit a park that only requires one Water. (More extremely, with this interpretation, if you had both of these the Compasses, then you could only ever visit parks that required three water and a sunshine). This would be more of a hindrance than a benefit.
Have fun,
Steve
No.
My copy of rules (English edition) address this as the first question on the page headed "COMMON QUESTIONS." Specifically:

"CAN I VISIT A SITE WITHOUT TAKING ITS ACTION? No. To visit a Site, you must be able to take its action. For example, if you don’t have two tokens to exchange, then you cannot visit the Lodge."
Can you earn both rewards on the card. Some of the cards the rewards are about same. First one maybe 4 parks visited and second one 6 parks. So if u visit 7 do u get both rewards?
Are hikers who are at the trail end considered when determining which ranger to move?

If the order from left to right is

RangerA - hiker - rangerB ——- hiker(at trail end)

Do you move RangerB or Ranger A?
I've always actually left them in situ, but thought I might as well shove an iron into the fire. In reality I think you should be able to choose any of those still in play, otherwise, why are they shuffled back into the deck?
Such actions are not allowed in the PARKS rulebook. However, if you are using the Nightfall expansion, this variant appears to be valid:
Hi,

No you wouldn't. Your hiker just moves there without picking up the tokens provided by that site. The rulebook notes the following in relation to events that move a hiker:

"Event Notes: The Ranger that is moving is the Active Ranger. If an Event moves a Hiker to a Site, you do not also get its action."
We have a house rule that the gear is refreshed at the end of each season. We find that sometimes it sits stagnant for the whole game otherwise.
The rules seem clear that if a LIMIT OF 12 icon pops up somehow then you are limited to only 12 tokens, but I haven't found that icon anywhere. But if it's meant to always apply it's unclear why it's under the icon reference. What's the deal?
Yeah, I was hoping to hear something by now but haven't seen anything. We played again this weekend with a different group of friends and raised the same question. Their guess was that the wild probably shouldn't be allowed in place of the water at the River (since that action is more similar to the types of things that wilds can't be used for, like gear/canteens), but agreed that the rules were too vague to say for sure.

Moving forward we are going to play it that wilds can't be used at the River unless we hear otherwise from the designer.
Hi, i plan to buy this game tommorow, and i found rules online and tried tolearn them.
Question 1:
I am not sure can i fill canteen with water if i gain water by using lodge action? I suppose i can?
Am i right?

Question2:
I can move directly to lets say third of even 4th place on trail card, and hop over others in order to secure trail position and gain season bonus?


Thx in advance.
P.s. i cant wait to try this game, seems super fun and interesting.
Br,
Mladen
Using gear cards and season effects, can gear cards and park cards cost be zero?
When playing solo there is NO discount on gear from the Trail End. The only possible Gear discounts are from Season cards or other Gear that you have already purchased.
Unless a card or effect indicates you can gain the camera, you can only do so via the Vista. I don't have all the pieces in front of me, but there may be parks, cards, and campsites that allow you to take it.
That is the correct assumption. Water tokens already placed on Canteens are NOT discarded by the Ranger Tracker cards.
Tent gear card: “Spend your campfire to have your [hiker(s)] revisit their current site.”

On the card from the game, the word hiker is replaced by the hiker symbol.

Does that mean that you revisit sites from both your hikers?
no - the relevant rule is in the base game section entitled, "Icon Reference", "Wildlife": "They [Wildlife tokens] can be used in place of any other token to visit Parks or take Photos. Wildlife cannot be used in Canteens or toward buying Gear." [My emphasis]

Hope this helps,
Steve
We were playing that way, too, but the more I look at the rules, the more I have doubts. I really want a definitive answer, but the counterpoint is that it is still a token you are “carrying” with you, just used to fill a canteen instead of part of your otherwise usable supply (i.e., thus stranded from any other uses until returned to your supply at the end of the season). Consider the hiking theme...you can only carry so much stuff. For that reason I think they are counted as part of the 12 token limit. That’s also obviously my unofficial interpretation, so I hope to hear something more confirming. I’d be ok either way, but the way the rules say that you can “carry” up to 12 tokens make me think that’s irrespective of whether they are in your canteens or available to use in support of other purposes, especially since you return those you were carrying in your canteens to your general supply at the end of each season.
Thank you!
per rulebook (Page 1) Under SETUP
PARKS • Shuffle all the Park cards face down to
form the Parks deck. Deal three face up into the top
slots of the board and place the deck onto the Parks
deck area on the top right of the board.
But if i will reserve 3 parks during the game, can i in the end of it pay for 3 parks at once with one Hiker?

And can i for example choose a reservation option just for taking "tile of the first player" without reservation?
Specifically around a Ranger event that says move your hiker to the spot of the Ranger closest down the trail. One ranger was behind me and the other ranger was on the trail end.

Does the trail end space count as part of the trail?

In an unrelated case the rulebook says not to count the trail beginning as the 1st space when placing sun and rain tokens, which led me to believe that the trail beginning and trail end count as different types of spaces than being trail spaces but this could just be separate case for the sun and rain token placement.
Yup, all things considered, your fires relight at the beginning of each season!
As others have mentioned, you only get to take 1 of the avilable actionsa t the Trail End. This text on our website is very much a top-down view of the game to get the core ideas across to those who are considering purchasing the game. They aren't intended to be a substitue for rules.

That being said, we do have a full how-to-play page for PARKS and many of other games with the rulebook and quick guide both available for download, videos to aid in learning, and answers to some of the most commonly asked questions.
As Stephen mentioned (thanks Stephen!) the answer to both questions is absolutely yes! Obtaining multiple gear cards can often significantly discount visiting parks.
The same for same gives you the benefit of the 'season' bonus (gain a tree when you get a sun, so you trade sun for sun and get a tree).
Ranger B because there is someone in front of him.
I feel that's true Rutger and Adam ... you commit to one or other action.
In regards to your second point, Rutger, the rulebook states on page 6 (English version 1.1) "To Reserve a Park, choose one of the three available parks on the board or draw the card on top of the Parks deck..." So this seems to be a legal move whenever you 'Reserve'.
My daughter just wondered if you could chance your luck by turning this card, looking at it- then either buy it or reserve it depending on your token resources.
Thanks for your reply though.
I agree with Adam. Same if you have to go to a ranger's tile.

There's also the terms up and down the trail on other cards and the solo rules which is confusing as to what's 'down' trail. I think of backwards being down but they mean down is 'going down the trail' which is forward.

On a side note the events haven't been too detrimental me so far since they're situational and sometimes I intentionally take away a token so it doesn't fill the tracker which is very thematic I like that except one time when I wasn't paying attention. there was one water on the trail I forgot about. the ranger snagged it and triggered discard all your water tokens. well I had 6 of them lined up for a 5pt late game reserved park - dooh
Hello All,

Attached below is the link to the official English rulebook.

https://www.dropbox.com/s/05sdfgx1a1nscae/Parks-Rules.pdf?dl...

Can work on adding an official file instead but for now, the file size is too big to post in the files section.
Is the resource gained from the Season effect also subject to the base Lodge restriction? In the previous example, would I be allowed to trade in [Water][Sun] to gain [Mountain][Mountain] and an additional [Water]?
Since this thread has popped up again, thought I'd hop in just to provide official clarification:

You CAN use the resources on a Park card to pay for that Park card's cost. Likewise, a token on a Park is also gained if you reserve the Park (even if you have no intention of ever visiting it).
Unless you have a gear card that lets you do something more in the forest, then yes, you can only get the sun/water and the forest token.

To get more canteens, land on the landscape where you can either get a camera or a canteen (I think it's the Vista).

I think that when you play through next time and consult the instruction manual then all this will make sense! Be aware that there is an FAQ at the end of the manual that answers some common questions.
3) in the nightfall expansion there is an effect which lets you enpty the canteens and move those water tokens to your resources + you get a water. If I have, for example, 4 canteens emptied in this way, can I instantly fill them all up with the water from them?
Yes, but you're still constrained by the usual rule that once one hiker is the last hiker on the trail, their next move must be to the end.
Congrats, you hoarded a brochure about a park the whole game. Now pack it up in the box and maybe actually visit it next time!
Are you sure about that? Somehow she ends up with 1 unused tile. In a five-player game, (as the OP sited), this would not be possible.
Here's a link that actually works...

https://boardgamegeek.com/image/4978785/parks
Until that official ruling comes in (per the thread referenced by Ricardo, above), in the meantime, I'd rule it that the rules are very specific that the only thing Wild Tokens CAN'T be use for is purchasing Gear or activating Canteens. Which means they can be used for everything else.
The TRAIL END gives Hikers a moment to reflect on the journey. When a Hiker arrives here, the player immediately relights their Campfire if it is extinguished, and then chooses one of the available areas for their Hiker...
When the event card reads “down trail” does that mean the card is discarded without effect if there isn’t a valid pawn to the right of the referenced piece? In other words: If both rangers are ahead of the hikers will “Heat Wave” get ignored, and likewise “High Winds” discarded, if both hikers lead on the trail? It seems in the spirit of things but isn’t entirely clear. A simple “if possible” added to the phrase ‘Resolve the action...’ would remove the ambiguity.
I'm certain that gaining a water from ANY effect counts as water "gained that turn" and can therefore be put in your canteen! So the Lodge can be used for that purpose.

But yeah, maybe there's an expert answer about Lodges and wildlife waiting out there to arrive.
To visit a Site that is occupied by another Hiker(s) (...)
This is an interesting perspective I hadn't considered -- I thought the use of "hiker" instead of "ranger" (in solo mode) meant I could only copy the action of the space my other played token was on. Interpreting the way you suggest makes it a way more interesting tile.

I'd be very interested to know what the official ruling is.
There is one Canteen in particular that very good. Allows you to reserve a park.
I might also suggest underlining 'first' for emphasis as well. During any given season, only the first player to utilize the Reserve a Park portion of the Trail End secures the first player marker for the next season (or game end scoring for the final season). Successive players reserving a park during the same season do not secure the first player marker.
Are photos considered ‘tokens’ for this purpose? All other tokens are explicitly called tokens (e.g., water token) in the rules. Photos are simply called photos.

That aside, this could still be a reasonable interpretation.
If your year cards says (for example):

“Visit 4 parks with sun” = 2 points
“Visit 7 parks with sun” = 3 points

If at the end of the fourth season a player visits 8 parks with sun, do they receive 3 points of 5 points (they technically fulfill both objectives and the year card states neither “at least” or “or”).
Thanks!
There is only one gear card, that let you spend water in place of mountain. You can spend more than one water in place of mountains.
I think the issue is that the beginning of the rules don't indicate that these are the rules for 2-5 players and solo modifications can be found at the end. It wouldn't make sense for that section of the rulebook to indicate a rule exception for solo play when nothing so far has indicated exceptions for solo play. Once you get to the section on solo play, it discusses the modifications made to the 2-5 player rules in order to play solo.
The rules agree with durkinphd above. It’s really not that powerful as you may need to go out of your way or use your Campfire in order to visit the correct site. But it can be a nice bonus if you can plan around it.
LMAO wow I can't believe I didnt notice that XD makes much more sense
Steve
I do like the house rule to include that “Park action” tile in the first season, we may house rule that too. Thanks for the tips.
It is indeed "good tactics", last turn or not, if it prevents an opponent from benefiting. When playing Wingspan and you need a seed, do you take the seed die if a combo seed/worm die is available? Same thing.
The limit of holding no more than 12 tokens is ALWAYS in effect, at the end of each of your turns. There is no actual "Limit of 12" icon in the game.

So it's a very good question as to why that particular rule is located in the "Icon Reference" section of the rulebook.
I'm curious how many people you're playing with that has you running out of tokens.

The first time I played, it was with 5 players and we still had plenty of tokens in reserve (though, admittedly, no one was really buying any gear that may have affected token count).

Also, are you remembering to put tokens back into the reserve if you (or any player) has more than 12 at the end of the turn?
Thanks! Then i played it correctly
You get tokens by traveling to trail sites and either taking the weather token - if there is one - or by performing the site action. Note in the rulebook, the definitive way to learn the game, you earn tokens from many of the sites available.
Having the camera always gives you a discount on resources to take a photo. This can be at the Vista, or other places along the route (with specific gear cards). Also applies to copying the Vista action.

Having the camera at round end also allows you to take one extra photo for the cost of a single resource.
Here is a full quote from the rules.

TOKEN LIMIT • Players can carry up to 12 tokens with them. If you have more than 12 at the end of your turn, you must discard down to 12.


So you can't have more at the end of your turn (or at the beginning, by following that rule). But the "if you have more ..." wording implies it is possible to have more during your turn.
I think you people are correct, they did the reserve action because they were on the appropriate specific trail or had the card to allow them to do that, makes sense. Thanks everybody!

My version is new, and does not have the names on the tiles, which is too bad as I wish it did. It just makes it easier when discussing the tiles with other players so they know exactly which tile you are referring too in one word vs. describing what the tile looks like and hoping they know which one you are talking about. LOL

I do like the house rule to include that “Park action” tile in the first season, we may house rule that too. Thanks for the tips.
Sorry i dont know the right name in english. When i fill my water bottle during a turn, i need to spend it right away to get the bonus ressources? Why cant i just use it on a later turn?
Whats the point of having a full bottle of water and not being able to do anything with it in later turns?
The one water used to fill the canteen does not count toward your token limits, but any tokens gained from the filling of the canteen do. Those tokens earned from the filling of the canteen should be collected from the supply like any normal token collected from a trail site, and those tokens count toward the 12 token limit, just like other tokens.
I agree with Frank, and think cards work just like the lodge.
I wonder about filling canteens... Rules say that you can only fill a canteen with water "gained" this turn. I didn't find if water get by trade is considered as "gained" or not.
Season of Snow
I personally never saw an issue with this. The "trail" is the entire path, from start to finish. All tiles of this path are part of the trail.

Another way to look at it: if ANY hiker is in front of ANY ranger, then the ranger furthest down the trail (that can move) will move.
Yes, you played correctly! See here:

https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/2274241/article/32918170#32...

It's in the FAQ at the end of the rule book.

Remember the limit of 12 tokens per player...so gaining lots of stuff really fast can get you close to the limit.
If the Ranger arrives at the trail end with a 1 star gear card, and there are no hikers in that top space at all (so not the first player slot or reserve a park slot), he takes the first player marker and sits in that slot?

If my Hiker arrives after, can I still reserve a park or does that action become unavailable as soon as the Ranger hits the top spot?
That's correct.
As you surmised, they're simply worth one point each. And as Marc pointed out above, I've seen games won by just one point, with the winner having at least one photo. So was it that photo that won the game for that player? Hmm.
My partner and I were wondering if you move the same hiker on consecutive moves.

Thanks
Other players should also notice if another player is lagging both their hikers. They could also then start to lag, forcing the lagging player to either use their campfire or jump ahead.
Got it! Thanks!
Also, discounts do not apply to substitutions (for example, if you could pay with sun instead of mountain).
Some of the Season cards put weather tokens on the Parks cards.
I'm new here so unfrtunatelly i dont know how to how to highlight text.
But as for your answer on my 3 question. Let's make it clear: I have 2 Hikers, i put 1 Hiker at the end of the trail and choose such option as reservation. I take 1 park and i put it on my area and turn it sideways. Then, after some time, my second Hiker come to the end and in this case, can i buy with the second Hiker another Park or Gear for example? I mean, i dont need a second Hiker in order to finish the reservation, right? Just when my second Hiker comes to the end of the Trail, he can buy for example Gear, and i give tokes for the park which my 1st Hiker reserved, right?

As for my 4 question:
I mean, if i don't have opportunity to buy a park, can reserve it with the last Hiker?
On this thread
It's also important to remember that when your first hiker reaches the end of the trail, your campfire becomes active again.
Yes. When you visit a park, as part of the game action, you either visit from the display or your reserved, there is no distinction between the two other than only you can visit your reserved parks. It's still visiting a park and therefore gets the discount.
That's how I'm seeing this also. It would mean you get to use the campfire twice in each season. Am I incorrect?
Yup, just 1 when you have the camera.
If, for instance, I don't have the correct number / type of tokens to buy one of the three face up park cards,I decide to reserve the face down card. If, on revealing it, I find that I have the correct tokens to buy it.... could I immediately buy it instead?
Even though the OP has figured out that they were using the 4+ tile when they shouldn't have, even if that wasn't the case, what Bruce points out above would still make the question moot IMHO. Why would it matter if you reshuffle the advanced tile stack or not before each round, provided the stack is being kept face down and not being looked at by any player? If that was the case, even with an extra tile, nobody should know which tile is on the bottom or top or anywhere within the stack, so it shouldn't matter if it gets reshuffled or not. Perhaps the OP was leaving that stack of advanced tiles face up?
How / why would a park card have a token on it?
Wait what? Can you point to where in the rules it specifies that you must visit parks that have more than the discount provided on gear cards?
I want to buy the Zion National Park, which costs 2x mountains and 3x any other resource. I have a gear card that discounts 1 water from the cost of a Park card. Can I therefore spend my 2x mountains and 1x wild (using wildlove variant) to pay if I declare the other resource would be water, but I have a discount card?
Yup!
This has already been answered, but if you look at page 4, you will see that the rules state you cannot use copy an action on the Trail End tile.

"Turn in a Water to copy the action from another Site occupied by a Hiker
NOTE: The TRAILHEAD AND THE TRAIL END ARE NOT SIGHTS"
Cheers, Henry!
Here, page 6 is describing all relevant actions/choices when a Hiker arrives at the Trail End tile, including relighting of the Campfire. Relighting as part of the Trail End action is reminded and reinforced by the Camp Fire icon in the upper left corner of the Trail End tile. Taken in the full context of 'here are your actions/choices when you reach the Trail End,' I think relighting the Camp Fire becomes a clearer part of the action for each of a player's two Hikers (i.e., it is part of the larger Trail End action that is taken by the active player whenever one of their Hikers reaches the Trail End tile).
It would explicitly indicate that it counts as a move. It does not.
A few clarifications:

12 resources max at the end of your turn, not at the end of the season.
You can only visit one park at any action space for each hicker, but you can visit more than one if there are places/gear that also contain that action.
The same to reserve a park. Only one at one action space por hicker, but there could be multiple of those available.
2) Could there be a situation preventing your hiker from moving to another trail site (other than the Trail End)? If so, are you then forced to move to the Trail End?
Can you get the first player token (and 1 point) by being the first one to reserve a park on the trail (not at the end). Rules say that the first player to reserve a park gets the token.
No, gear discounts only apply when said resource is on the PARK card. They don't count for brown boxes.
There are more 2-sun gear cards than 1 or 3-sun so not so unlucky. You get the camera back if you pay 2 resource when next on the viewpoint tile.
The only spots there that are limited are those spots that are the width of a single hiker. The rest of the areas are unlimited. So all players can visit parks, buy gear, and reserve parks, but only the first people to do some of those actions get a little bonus (sun discount on buying gear and first round marker for reserving a park).
ok, thanks for the feedback!
They remain on the cards until the park is visited - could consider them waterlogged or flooded into the next season (s).
Have fun,
Steve
In regards to the 2nd question, it is a discount on the gear purchase, not a bonus sun resource that is gained. You can’t visit a “site” without being able to take the action, but the rules for copying a site state that trail end is not a site. So seemingly if you wanted to block another player from taking the sun discount, you could?
I don't agree with the rule and frankly I ignore it. It makes no sense and makes the game harder for no reason. Why should you not be able to reserve a park when you're playing against the rangers instead of a person.

On a side note, if ever there was a rulebook that needed a strong edit/rewrite, it's this one. Most of the questions should just be in the rules and what does "down the trail" mean? They could have used "to the right" or even "closer to trail end." But anyhow...
Yes. That is true in the base game as well. You can do things in whatever order you want, so you can use the location ability to take a canteen and then take the water, or you can do it the other way around if you'd prefer not to use that canteen immediately.
That's great, thank you.
Seems to me only the top most cards should be available for purchase. But I supposed the intention could be more complicated, but then I think that would be explained in the rules. If you need an easier game or want more choices, why not search the stack? No one will challenge you.
Yes, you would visit a lot more parks if you play it this way. In truth, the rule states that visiting a park, reserved or not, requires you to do the right action.
Campsites require a tent in order to use and the River indicates you're copying the site action. So no, you cannot copy the campsite.
Yes, in the rule book it says you can only buy one anytime you take a gear action: "Select one of the three available geer cards and turn in Sunshine equal to its cost."
Hi Ketoglutarat,
Pulling the above responses together to avoid confusion. The relevant text can be found in the middle of page 4 of the version 1.1 Rulebook:
Stepping on the hornets nest
Hi Jimmy,
Version 1.1 of the rules on the back cover provides reference for the solo mode. Here there is a bold header "Solo Trail End" where the rules state:
I know that if you move onto a trail site you’re required to take the action there (or one of the actions there). But does this apply to the trail’s end tile as well?
For example, if I lack the resources to visit a park or buy gear, am I required to reserve a park? Or can I go to the gear space, for example, without buying gear?...
Base game page 4, under Icon Reference, then under Wildlife.
Yes, just reserve one or visit one. But that’s per turn, and you have two hikers, and ways to revisit cards sometimes, so it can end up being multiples per round.

Just for clarity, note that you are allowed to have multiple park cards reserved without penalty (except for the lost opportunity cost if you never visit them)
Hi,

I just played Parks solo for the first time and there is one event card I don't understand: Dense Fog , "Keep the next Event card face-down until it is activated".

Does it mean that next time 2 event cards trigger on the same time (This card and the next one)?
This is the way we've always played it...you discard down to 12 tokens at the end of your turn (just before the next player starts their turn), but there is nothing that keeps you from exceeding that limit during your turn.
If you pay one water you can copy the action on a tile that another hiker is on.

So if you go to the river, and ANOTHER hiker is on the mountain tile, you can pay one water to take one mountain (by copying the effect of the mountain tile).
Solo game:

2) What happens if there are sunshine or water tokens on a Parks card and the ranger discards that Park card at Trail End? Do those tokens go back into the supply or does the ranger get them?
My friends and I really like this game! It is an easy opener for a game night, and my gf, who doesn't play games, loves it. So all around it is well liked. There are a couple house rules we have added for f2f play. Would love to hear feedback on them and what house rules other people have added. (note. we have not bought the expansions but have heard good things and look forward to getting them for Christmas this year)

1. At the end of each season all of the parks on the board are discarded and new parks are brought out (With so much beautiful artwork in the game we wanted to see more, especially since we play 2 player mostly and don't get to see nearly as many parks as when you play with 4 people)
2. At the end of each season we discard all of the gear that is remaining and put out new gear (sometimes crappy gear comes out that no one will buy. That is with 2, 3, or 4 players, so we just figured this would be a nice way to make more gear available through the course of the game)

Any thoughts on these? Or suggestions for more?
Does nobody know for sure? Not even the designer/publisher?
When the year end bonus card says visit 3 parks worth 4-5 points get 2 points or visit 5 parks worth 4-5 points get 3 points, do you have to visit exactly 3 or 5 to get the bonus or if you visit 3 or 4 you get 2 points, and 5 or more gets 3 points?
I see the clarity coming from the rulebook's use of the term, "Hiker" (i.e, the meeple), in the above excerpt.
It doesn't say when the last "player" is left on the trail. (That's the part that I don't mean to be snarky)
.
It sounds like you and I agree. Your calling out the FFG method of rulebooks is the sort of clarity I'm talking about. I love FFG's system of providing a "Get into the game" rulebook, and a "detailed" rulebook to cover all the "edge cases". Or, both could be bound as one book, too.

As an addendum... let me add, that if a gameplay case/situation can be foreseen, then the rulebook should cover it. Simple as that.

So yeah, what to do with tokens found on a Park Card was obviously foressen, so it should've covered in the core rules (even if as part of a separate "detailed rules" section).
There is certainly merit to your point, however, it's not always the best option. If EVERY edge case (I'm not saying this is an edge case or shouldn't be in the main rule) was done via your method, the rule-book would become unreadable to all but the most hardened gamers. Having a basic rules breakdown first with exceptions elsewhere IS sometimes better.

I personally like the FFG approach of a book to teach you how to play and then an indexed reference so you can look up any situation to its fullest detail. I just wish that the index was more thorough in their reference as you can still sometimes struggle to find where exactly they talk about some edge case. I suspect digital, intelligent, references will eventually be the best way of handling this...

" Alexa/Google/Siri - In Parks the board game, do you immediately gain tokens placed on a park you reserve? "

But we're not there yet! (I wonder if asking this right now would lead to this forum entry?)
I made the mistake of focusing on my Year End scoring on my first game as well. I even failed at that. Not worth the effort indeed.
"Or do you have to wait for a ranger to uncover another piece of gear for that cost?"

Yes, that is how we read it and how we play.
This is only correct if by "ALWAYS" you mean "at the end of your turn".
This looks interesting but personally, I’m tired of finding games with poorly written rules/instructions. Lots of questions in this forum... not a good sign...
Any site your other hiker is on except end trail
You must have them with you at the end.
As above, you have two locations that facilitate further visits. But it's also worth noting, even if you don't access those locations, you have two hikers, both of which will go to the end of the trail each season, meaning you could theoretically visit 8 parks in a game without using the other two location tiles.
Follow-up: are you forced to extinguish your campfire when you move your back hiker to your front hiker with flash flooding?
What does the card mean when it states for example 6 water on visited parks? I guess it's different than 6 visited parks with water icon on them.
1. The season of rain adds a water token on the current 3 park cards. What happens after tje season ends? Are the tokens discarded or kept on the cards? This is not mentioned in the FAQ of the rules.

2. There are also 3 other season cards that invlolve placing tokens on equipment cards and at the end of the trail. If for example nobody would collect those tokens would they get discarded after the season ends?
Thanks, Chris. You're right. I do see it now, after you pointed me in the right direction. However, I still contend that the phrase "3 or fewer players" is misleading and incorrect ---- since 1 is clearly less than 3.

I just received the game and I'm enjoying the hiking in the beautifully illustrated and peaceful National Parks thus far.
Rules say only the Vista gives you the camera. Not other photos.

PHOTOS & THE CAMERA • To take a Photo, return any two
tokens of your choice to the supply when choosing the action at
the Vista. Photos are worth 1 POINT each. After taking a Photo at the
Vista, gain the Camera from whoever currently has it. When
you have the Camera, you’re on a roll! When taking a Photo, it only
costs 1 token instead of 2. At the Season’s end, the player with
the Camera may take a Photo at its reduced price. Some Gear cards give
players more photo opportunities outside of the Vista, but they do
not give the player the Camera.
Yup! Only 3 cards are available face-up, so those are the ones that you would put the sun tokens on. You can always blind reserve a park from the top of the deck (so technically there are 4 "available"), but you wouldn't put a sun token on the deck.
There are no other gear that give you an action. They either modify an action, or give you points at game-end.
In view of this, I would think it is only modifying your current action, saying you are allowed to spend your fire to move zero spaces, rather than forward.
You don’t. This refers to the number of mountains printed on visited parks.
Another question:

If I need to move my hiker to the nearest ranger down the trail, and I land on a site where there's still a token, can I take that token for myself? Even if the solo card caused me to move and it wasn't my turn? Or should I just discard the token?
...The only time I find reserving parks to be an issue in the last round, as a straight-up "hate drafting" mechanic. I have thought of making a rule that in the first 3 rounds, plays can reserve as many parks as they want to, but no parks may be reserved in round 4. But that is just my 2 cents.
To add additional clarification to Sam's reply, gear that lowers the cost of a type of resource only applies to those resources printed on the card, not converted resources. So in your example, the printed cost in water is 1 water. The compass can lessen that cost to 0. But it cannot lessen the 3-tree cost, even though you can use water in place of trees to pay that cost. Because the printed resource is not water, so the Compass' discount does not apply.

Another way to think about it, is the "cost" is what is printed on the card. The cost is not changed by the rain gear. It is always 3 trees and 1 water. However, the rain gear allows you to use other resources to pay that cost. It doesn't change the cost itself. Whereas the compass is actually changing the cost, but only water costs. Since the cost is 3 trees and 1 water, the compass can get rid of the 1 water cost, leaving you with the 3 trees. The rain gear would allow you to pay those remaining 3 cost with water, but the cost is still in trees.

This is official from Keymaster Games:

https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/2279784/article/32996804#32...
Yes this card is in expansion. I knew you couldn’t fill the canteen. We ultimately decided that on cards like that the token used had to match the picture. But we have also questioned it with mimic spaces if wild can be used to stand for water.
Are you guys sure about this item stacking mechanic? I am not doubting, I just realized that I may have phrased it poorly.

Lets say I have 2 items:
a) Water filter (You can get 3 water tokens instead of a tree token when visting an area with a tree)
b) Sleeping Bag (You can get 3 sun tokens instead of a tree token when visiting an area with a tree)

Then you say that I have to choose the effect and not have both? Any rules to back this up or is it your educated guess?
If it has a hand on the "PARK" that means "reserve". I see 3 of them with an "exchange 1 resource for a wild OR reserve a park" symbology.

Note that this symbol should match the end of trail piece that shows, from top to bottom, "reserve a park", "buy gear", "visit a park".

EDIT: It should match the symbol on page 6 of the rulebook: https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/1898/8501/files/Rules-NEWL...
You can turn in any combination of tokens and receive any combination of tokens. As long as the tokens that you receive are of a different type than the tokens you turned in.
Link does not work: "You don't have access
You can ask the person who shared the link to invite you directly."
Yes. And another player can subsequently take it from you. And you can take it back. Whenever a hiker arrives on the Vista they immediately have the option of spending two tokens to take the camera and a picture (or just take a picture for one token if that player already has the camera - a one token discount as Cameron explains above).
Steve
For example, one of the advnaced tiles, if you land on it, allows you take a "parks action" - which I presume includes both reserving or visiting a park, but it's never specified anywhere.....
- Ok this one is not easy to describe. Lets say i want to visit a park that needs 3 trees and 3 mountains and i have rain gear (use water instead of trees) and additional i have the blue compass (PARK visit costs 2 water less). Can i transform the 3 trees into water and then i pay 2 water less. That would mean that have to pay 1 tree or 1 water and 3 mountains in the end. Is this correct and allowed?
I keep finding myself in the situation where there's one other player that has two hikers on the board, with one at the end and one near the beginning, and I can't do anything but move to the trail end and watch them do all of the actions.
Hi Claudio,
I agree with everything you say; Because, I believe that your post is agreeing with the first half of my post (the bit you edited out).

The point in the second half of my post (the bit you quoted) was that "hate-drafting" is when a player takes an action, "was specifically citing that it is revenge for something you did earlier in the game, that is of no benefit to them"; which is totally different. All of the examples you give are examples of when the action is is of benefit to your opponent and, therefore does not qualify as "hate-drafting".

Perhaps, you mis-read that this section included, that is of no benefit to them?

PARKS is a head-to-head, confrontational, in-your-face, take-that, game. I like it. What I am less keen on is a player who takes an action and declares, "I'm hurting you in this game, even though it is of no benefit to me, because your brother made my sister cry two years ago."
I think that is "hate-drafting" and unacceptable behaviour. All else is just playing a competitive game. Does that sound reasonable to you?
Steve
I actually already have the Nightfall expansion. I got it with the game (second hand bundle). We are playing with the tents in this latest game.
Wildlife is a token. so 12 includes wildlife.
After typing this I bought the Nightfall expansion and typed up a cheatsheet for it too:

Setup
Shuffle the new Parks (marked with *) in with the old ones. Optional: first remove half of the old ones.
Put the wildlife tokens with the old ones.

Put the Campsite board below the trailhead (the side with only one camping place, no 4+ mark.) Remove the campsite tile with the 5+ on it. Shuffle the others and put three of them beside the campsite board. On the bottom of each tile are two numbers for the seasons. Arrange them so season 1 is showing.

Replace the old Year cards with the Nightfall Year cards. Place the deck on the Campsite board. Draw two and choose one, putting the other on the bottom of the deck. Set up the rest of the game as in the original game.

Put three of the tents on the trail, starting with the rightmost tile before the Trail End and skipping every other tile.

Start with one wildlife token, as well as the first player marker and camera.

Camping
Player and AI move as usual. If you land on tile with a tent, you may either a. take the tent or b. collect tokens (including weather token) and take the tile action as usual (not both). Put the tent on an available campsite tile and take the action there. The campsite board counts as one campsite. See rulebook for details about actions. Some can be performed more than once on a turn. Note that you can get extra Year cards (and keep the old ones.)

Parks cards
The new cards have an instant action (right of the lightning) that you take when you visit the park. (Those do not count for the Year bonuses.) A brown square with a number in it says you can use any kind of tokens to make up that number. Optional: wildlife tokens count as two for the brown square number.

Rangers
Movement is the same as usual. When the back ranger passes over a tent, it is removed and placed next to the Tracker Card (campground cleanup.) When the back ranger lands on a tent, it is removed, unless there is a weather token there. In that case the player decides whether the ranger takes the tent or the weather token. Otherwise, when a ranger lands on a weather token, they take the weather token as usual.

Season change
In addition to the usual actions at the end of the trail, remove all tents and tokens from the trail, and turn the campsites so that the number for the new season is showing at the bottom.
Rules state that the first player to reserve a park gets the first player token. In the 4th season, can you reserve a park on the PARKS ACTION / BUY GEAR trail stop and get that token and a point?
Correct. You only use the waterfall in 4 and 5 player games.
Taking pictures, or taking actions at the trail end, are no different in solo mode than in multiplayer. You can only take 1 picture and you can only take one action.

I assume there is nothing in the rulebook about it because, like other parts of the solo game, the rules are the same.
Yes, that is totally valid. You can find it on page 7 of the nightfall rulebook...
In a subsequent answer to the questions in my original post, Keymaster Games responded with the following:
"Rangers cannot be blocked out of taking trail end actions."
Follow-up question:

At the end of the season, if there are any water/sun tokens left on parks, do they remain there for the following season, or do you remove them?
As the others have mentioned below (thanks everyone!), Forest, Mountain, Sunshine, Water and Wildlife are the only "tokens". This also means that photos are not subject to the 12 token limit. You can collect as many as you possibly can!
Interesting...

From how I see it:

You would NOT move and I think the trailhead would be considered as part of the trail.

That is my two cents though I am not super confident on either.
Saying that, such an idea would make a pretty neat small expansion...
Played our first game tonight. We took the rules as saying that you can only use a canteen once per season. From these rules:

"A Canteen can be filled with <water> on a turn to take its action."

"Once a Canteen is filled, the <water> remains on it until the end of the Season and cannot be used any other way."

So if its filled once and remains filled it can't be filled again.
Player 1 owned the Parks Pass gear (When you visit a PARK, you may visit another one) and landed on the River tile. They attempted to copy the Lookout tile and purchase a park.

This is where things got hairy. Player 1 and I believe that they are correct to be able to purchase a second park while Players 3 and 4 stated that it didn’t count as visiting that site, so Player 1 couldn’t duplicate the buy action with the Parks Pass gear.
Hi Everyone!

So what actions/spaces allow you to take the camera back? Is it only the vista action that allows you to do this?

Between the base game and the Nightfall expansion, there are quite a few actions that allow you to take pictures but the rule book only mentions taking the camera back at the Vista action space.

Thanks!
The Water Bottle Gear card says "You may fill a [canteen] for free when you visit the OCEAN." Therefore, if you land on the OCEAN and have an empty canteen, you may take one water from the supply and fill one canteen.
What do Rain Gear and Sunscreen do? If they provide discounts on park purchases, it only affects the cost of a park at the time of purchase, it doesn't permanently reduce the number of icons that park has, therefore it would not affect scoring on the card in question. If it's not that, I'd have to know what the gear cards do.
My copy of the rules (English edition) further state on the next page:

"Trail End gives Hikers a moment to reflect on the journey. When a Hiker arrives here, the player immediately relights their Campfire if it is extinguished . . . " [emphasis added]

Combined, I've always taken "one of their Hikers" in the first sentence and "a Hiker" in the second sentence to mean "any" hiker, and relight the campfire accordingly.
I have a question. The rule book says that 1 Wildlife = 2 tokens worth of the brown token symbol.

Let's say I have a park which have requirement of brown token symbol with number 4. Can I use 2 wildlife token to meet the requirement?
Rangers can land on a Site that is already occupied by a Ranger, but if their movement caused them to land on a Hiker, they skip to the next Site as they don’t want to disturb your enjoyment of the Trail.
What the title says, struggling to find the answer in the rulebook.
I think it's pretty clear photos are not tokens. The rules consistently use the word "token" when discussing resources and do not use the word in connection with photos. Furthermore, the setup rules say
(I haven't seen any resource run out either even in 5 player games. I suppose it can/has happened.)
The english name they're using is "Canteen".
Yeah, I couldn't find anything in the rules against it either. Just that I played a game where my opponent had 2 cards that had a forest less to visit a park. She had a number of other cards (with one other double) giving one less resource and ended up practically visiting parks for free, or paying 1 maybe 2 resources. Got beat pretty badly with that strategy so wondered if it was on the up and up. I guess that next time I'll have to do my best to prevent that from happening again. Thank you both for the replies.
I've found it's just part of the metagame. I've had some games where we've completely ignored the camera (typically in a 2-player game) and others where it changed hands constantly with multiple people gaining points via the photos. In some games one player has gone all-in on photos while other players have focused more on the points from parks. It just seems to vary game-by-game.
"CAN I VISIT A SITE WITHOUT TAKING ITS ACTION?"
No.
this is on the keymaster website...
No. Just the end spot.
Sure!
I've since looked at the wording in the English version of the rulebook and am confident in my answer above. The river space only copies the action of the space the other hiker is on. It does not become the other space.
Good point. It’s just a bit unfortunate that it’s repeated in few places and using different wording. But it’s good to know that it refreshes with each Hiker belonging to a player.

The reason I asked was that is actually not super obvious what the intention here was. During my last session, a player pointed out that if a) there is no mention of relighting at the end of the season / beginning of new one (where such things are usually described) and b) it would be strategically sane / interesting (though harder and more limiting) to manage your campfire this way, deciding whether you want to spend it on your second hiker current season or save for next season altogether.
I agree you can't use wild life to buy gear. I think the idea is sunshine (and water) is in more abundance than forest or mountain so to buy gear you are only allowed to use sunshine. and only water can fill canteens (makes sense anyhow). and a resource is needed to gain a wildlife so again the sunshine and water might be used since they're in relative abundance. wildlife can be used in place of any resource to visit parks or take photos is the way they rules are thought out imho
Wait...there's a token limit?
*&!^@%

COmpletely, utterly missed that. Yes I (now) know it's clearly stated in the instructions.
.
This is an unfortunate situation where the FAQ contradicts the rules as written.
The answer to the OP's question: While your logic is sound (and supported by the rules), your wife is correct (supported by the FAQ).

At first I thought Tim is correct, as the rules are clear:
"To Visit a Park, choose one of the three available Parks on the board or one of
your Reserved Parks and turn in its corresponding tokens from your area back
to the supply. [Then] Take the Park card and place it vertically in your score area."
(Bold emphasis and insert of "[Then]" are mine)

BUT...

The FAQ contradicts the above for the 'Rain' and 'Splendor' Season cards:
"When a player Visits or Reserves
a Park with a token on top, the player also gains
the token. The token may even be used immediately
toward the Park or in a Canteen."
(bold emphasis mine)

So it looks like you CAN use the token on a Park card toward Visiting it, as explicitly stated in the FAQ on page 8.

BTW, I used the term, "unfortunate situation" above because it's never good when a FAQ contradicts a core rule which is otherwise considered to already be clear and concise. It only leads to the sort of disagreement as evidenced by this thread. That's why I used, "unfortunate". Perhaps a bit melodramatic.
I play it that way ya. You start with it, but if the ranger takes that first space at the trail end before you, he gets it.
Thank you.
The rules are quite explicit on when you can buy gear and take photos. Both are done via spaces that permit you to do them (they have a gear icon or "buy gear" depending on the version of the base game you own or the camera icon) and the person with the camera can take a photo at the end of the season as a free action (you must still pay a resource). You cannot simply buy gear or take photos whenever you wish and have the resources to do so.

As a recovering MTG, and LCG-addicted, player, timings are baked into my understanding of every game I play. That being said, there's there's no a whole lot to do so timing isn't a major concern. You land on a space with a season resource and it gives you a mountain, you take both. If it's the space that allows you to swap resources, you can take the weather resource before or after swapping, and use the weather resource in the swap if you wish; it doesn't really matter as the end result is the same. If it involves paying for something, like the River, you can use water gained from the site (via a weather card) to pay for the River.

The only real picky timing thing I can think of off the top of my head is canteens. When you gain a water, you must immediately choose between taking into your resource supply or placing it on a canteen for the corresponding effect. You can't use water from your supply on a canteen.

Is there a specific timing scenario you're wondering about?
We added a single extra rule:
If you are currently in a National Park, cards for that specific park are worth +1 extra point. (When using an expansion and visiting famous parks like Yosemite, there may be more than one card in the deck with that name.)

(Parks is a favorite evening game for family road trips. We got to play it in Lassen and Yosemite in our most recent trip.)
I agree that the expansion adds a lot to the game and the cards are beautiful!
If the sun is the only resource you have then yes you'd exchange it via that site's action.

Generally going to this site as your first action isn't the best since you haven't really gained any resources.
I've got the Season of Rain season card, so all Parks have 1 water token on top of them. If a Ranger now lands at Trail End and removes a Park, does it gain the water token from that Park?
Yes, buy the gear that is face up in the slots.
I actually have run out of resource tokens in two out of the four games I've played. The player count was 4 and 3 respectively, and I believe it was the water, mountains, and trees that got low and/or ran out. I think there are a couple of reasons this happened (and why I believe it is not a fluke).

In one game, the "take a parks action or buy gear" space did not come out until 3rd or 4th round. This means people were focused more on buying gear with year end actions (as opposed to "wasting" it on a parks action). Therefore the non-sun resource tokens were being stockpiled for use later on.

In both games, the players were very focused on the engine building aspect, that is getting a lot of canteens and gear cards in early rounds. Not only did that delay the buying of Parks cards, but it also used up more water (for the canteens) and allowed more acquisition of the "rarer" resource tokens, i.e. the mountains and trees.

Maybe I just played an odd couple of games, but I see resource availability being a factor at 4 and 5 players. As for your other questions, I generally assumed that you could not take an action if the full complement of resources were not available to pick up or trade for. But I don't recall specific examples of what happened in our games, other than your example of being unable to visit the ocean because of a lack of water tokens. I do agree that the wording could have been better in the rule book for some things, although the FAQ's within the rule book have generally covered issues that came up during my plays.
Don't know. I would say yes, the restriction as written is on visiting, not on applying.
One rule of thumb in almost any game is "if the rules don't tell you to do something, then don't do it".

So, if nothing tells you to discard a card, don't discard it.
This confirms that a weather token present on the Lodge could be used to immediate satisfy the requirement of having at least one token to exchange.
Thanks Daniel.
I'm not going to reread this thread I type too much in the first place lol I received a ruling from the game designer below that answered my primary question. I can appreciate how much thought you put into the post.

My main issue is the rulebook's inconsistent terminology throughout the book. It just is. What is a slot.

I got a response from the designer in the Subject: Solo Reserve a Park Slot He replied in a different thread:

https://www.boardgamegeek.com/thread/2323696/solo-reserve-pa...


Hi all! Sorry about the confusion.

If a second ranger arrives at the top slot of trail end, no special action is taken and no additional spaces are blocked by the second ranger.

As a general rule, rangers are allowed to occupy the same spaces as other rangers. This rule applies to the Trail Tiles and to the slots at Trail End. That’s why when the second ranger arrives at the top slot of Trail End, it will move to occupy at the same space as the first ranger (either blocking the First Hiker Marker or the Reserve a Park action).

Note that rangers arriving in the top slot only skip over the First Hiker Marker if the Hikers have already claimed it. They do not skip over that space if the other ranger is occupying it.

Please let me know if there’s anything else I can clarify.

Good luck on the trail!

Henry Audubon
(HenryAudubon)
As I explained above, the definition of "hate-drafting" as I understand it means that it is not a game "strategy", it is simply unsociable behaviour.
In agreement,
Steve
So, if only one hiker remains on the trail, he may ONLY move to Trail's End and take one of the three options (he may not continue to stop along the trail).

BUT - what about this situation. All players but one have reached Trail's End. But that player has BOTH of his hikers still on the trail. Does he, in that case, move BOTH hikers immediately to the Trail's End, OR can he slowly bring both hikers along until one of them enters Trails End, and then, he immediately brings his remaining hiker to the end of the trail?

This didn't seem to be immediately clear to us. We allowed that single player to take his time bringing them along until he was left with only one hiker still on the trail.
Without seeing the wording, I believe it is correct. Because the river only lets you copy the action on the space (take forest resource). It does not mean the river becomes the forest. Since the river space is still the river space, not the forest space, and the Water Filter requires the forest space, you cannot use the water filter. It can only be used on the forest space.
I have just landed on a 'Parks' trail site and have taken a water token to fill up my canteen to take two suns, is that my turn over or can I still visit or reserve a park?
Thank you.
Do you return any unused suns from the unreserved or unvisited parks to the supply at the end of the season?
I believe that only the camera icon allows to to take the camera…and from memory, that’s only on the Vista in the multiplayer game.
You can still reserve a park. If the ranger couldn't take the spot for the first player token, then it would lock the reserve a park option.
It should be applicable for each season. As far as I remember, there's nothing in PARKS that's 'once per game'. Whenever the slot is empty, it's up for grabs.

Apologies – I stand corrected.
If I have the Compass that discounts Sunshine and Water does the Park I visit have to have jot symbols or could I just discount 1 of them.

If the park is Mountain Sun Sun could i use the compass to reduce to Mountain Sun?

Or does it only work for a park that has Mountain Mountain Sun Water?

Thanks for any insight,
Keith
2. I assume you can visit a Trail Site as long as you can perform the basic action, even if the Season effects can't be carried out?
Besides, where specifically does it say you can’t reserve a park? That is, where does it say the action is “blocked”? Doesn’t “making the action unavailable until the next season” refer to the ranger action, which is the subject of the section? And when the 2nd ranger would land in the same spot as the first, nothing happens as noted earlier.
Aha! I took a quick peek (during our game last night) at the rulebook FAQ but somehow missed that.

Thanks for pointing me to the right place,

-Carey
When flipping your campfire and moving your hiker to another location to copy the action, can you move your hiker backwards up the trail or do they have to move forwards?
Thanks In advance
Yes you can have both hikers do the same thing, infact all players can do the same thing like all buy gear.

It's just that the first to buy gear or first 2 with 4 players get a discount and the first to visit a park gets the token.
Lightning bolt means immediate, so get a free canteen card right away, per this thread, I believe.
https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/2316549/gear-water-bottle
Hi. On canteen cards. What does the hand symbol mean followed by the word Park. Does it mean reserve a park or visit a park? Thanks.
You are quoting an old rulebook. The current one says:
You can even buy identical cards, e.g. two tree journals. The effect stacks.
So i have several questions which are not fully understanble for us:

1) Gear Card "wide angle lens parks" it says "You may spend 2 tokens to take photo when you Visit "location". So when i visit this location can i take a bonus from this Site (forest token) and + take a photo? Or i need to choose take a photo or take a token?
If i have a Photoparate at this time, do i spend 2 tokens like this Gear says or only 1 tokens?

2) If i reserve a park and in the end i can't pay for it, what happens then? Are we just throwing the card away?

3) If I have reserved a park, am I obliged to buy it with the help of a second Hiker? Or the second Hiker can perform a completely different action, and the first Hiker at the end of the season simply gives resources and buys the park?

4) Can I choose the park reservation function as the last Hiker at the end of the season if I do not have a boring amount of resources? Or even if I have resources, can I not buy a reserved park?
My wife and I are in vehement disagreement on this issue.

At Setup, you take the basic trails tiles and then randomly add one new advanced trail tile to the trail, shuffle or randomize, then lay them out one by one, setting the remaining advanced trail tiles aside for later seasons.

On the trail set up for the 2nd season, and later in the 3rd, and later in the 4th, the pool of tiles are retained for each new season, adding advanced trail tiles into the game, one more each season.

Here is where we are arguing.

She believes you randomize the advanced trail tiles, once and only once, at the beginning of the game, creating a randomized stack that never gets further randomized, and new advanced trail tiles are added to the existing pool each season, one at a time per season, from that stack. In effect one of the 5 cards (the one at the bottom of the randomized stack of advanced trail cards), will never get entered into the game.

EDIT… we later determined afterward she set up the 5 player game with the 4+ card used with the Advanced group instead of including it in the Basic Group, thus giving us one unused card at game end.


I am trying to tell her, the remaining advanced trail tiles are randomized every season at the set up of the new trail, and one of the new randomized tiles are added to the previous pools trail tiles.

Her way, one trail tile will never get into the game (it sits at the bottom of her remaining trail deck).
My way, each turn, the remaining advanced trail cards are randomized before one being added to the previous season pool.

Where is this in the rules? I think it is in the section Trail Setup, and applies to each season’s trail setup.

Thanks.
When filling a canteen that allows swapping tokens, if I swap for more water, are those tokens considered "gained" or "collected" this turn and thus, able to be used for filling additional canteens?
I don't think it matters how many hiker are already on the tile, just that it isn't empty.
Can you post a picture of the card?
Second: there's a few cards that let you trade 2 tokens for two other tokens; does it have to be 2? Can you just swap "1 for 1{"? We played it "2 for 2" because there's nothing to indicate otherwise but I wanted some clarification.
The rules do not say what happens when you buy a gear card. Is their slot being refilled with a new card immediately like when you reserve or visit a park?
This only comes into play when 2 Rangers enter the Trail End's Top Slot.

On the last page of the rulebook (pg. 11), in the section "SOLO TRAIL END," and in the subsection "TOP SLOT," it says:
(page 5)
My interpretation: In order to receive the resource, you must claim the park. Whether you're visiting or reserving doesn't matter. However you do not have the resource until you have the park therefore you cannot use the resource on the park to actually visit the park.
Thank you very much Vincent, very clear!
Will buy the expansion as well.
Though to be honest, my original notion (that the Trail End actions - particularly the "Reserve Park" action - might be optional) was confirmed last night. I got to the point during the game where I didn't need nor want any more Reserved Parks. I had more than I could ever hope to Visit. So that's why I expected that the answer would be that it's optional.
"....feel a canteen for free... "
The token stays with the player that last claimed it for the remainder of the game.
That's correct.
I guess that the designers provided different images on the photo tiles for variety. Otherwise players would complain that all the images are the same photo!
Once a canteen is filled it remains that way until the end of the season.

At the end of the season the water is removed.

From a gameplay point of view, what is the benefit of filling your canteen?
My guess is that it was implied in the base rules when they tell you to pick up all trail sites and shuffle them (probably should have been explicitly stated) but they attempted to clarify further in the expansion rules.
Version 1.1 of the rules allow use of wildlife to purchase gear. Refer to page 4: "They can be used in place of any other token to visit Parks, take Photos, buy Gear, and visit the River. Wildlife cannot be used to fill a Canteen or traded in / gained as part of the 1<>1x2 Site or Canteen.."
Enjoy,
Steve
Scores in this game are always likely to be close, so a few extra points for photos can make a big difference. Plus a third of the Personal Bonus cards require 3 or 5 photos to be taken to claim the bonus.
I took their question to pertain to the Nightfall expansion as that has campsites and expansion questions usually end up in the forums for the base game. The action on a campsite cannot be copied by the river effect. However this may just be about the base game and not involve the expansion at all.

This may also be a situation of mixing terms. Perhaps they meant to say trail site rather than campsite and actually thought their hiker would move there. There's a lot of ambiguity in their question and I answered it as best I could.
Yes, I don't know exactly how they did things, except that the Kickstarter version had text on tiles and back of cards... and later they changed that just to iconography in order for it to be slightly more language independent? In between that they apparently updated the rules for Wildlife as well.
Yes you can...see here:
Yes, your hiker at the trail end counts as "ahead of both rangers."
Thats true @angelbunny . This came up on the trail card which just says "PARKS" which allows you to take one park card or reserve one park card ( along with the option to "BUY GEAR").
I think the canteen lets you swap two tokens, doesn't it? So you could get a water, put it in the first canteen, change one token to something else and the other token to a water, and use that second water for a different canteen...
Hi all, I was doing a solo playthrough of the base game of PARKS and had a possibly dumb questions about "move your back hiker to the closest ranger down trail" event card. Happens at 13:46 if embedding timestamp doesn't work.

https://youtu.be/YwE3fYwVVEE?t=826

If you want to skip the video, basically here's what happens. I know questions have come up about this event before. I searched and found answers to questions about whether I should take an action (no, that's in the rulebook). My issue here is that both my "back hiker" and the "closest ranger" are still on the trailhead tile. My gut tells me I shouldn't move at all, because my back hiker is standing on a space with a Ranger already, but two things bother me. 1, I'm not "moving" at all, just standing still.

But even more importantly, 2, does standing on the trailhead tile count as "down the trail". I feel like at times you are building "the trail" and then placing the trailhead and trail end tiles once the trail is complete. So are the trailhead and trail end tiles part of the trail and therefore count as down the trail? Other mentions in the rulebook about moving "down the trail" make me doubt that standing still is the right action for my back hiker.

Thank you all in advance. Please let me know if you need more details.
This is the rule.
Hi there,
Discovered PARKS this weekend and cannot find clarification about the following:
The LODGE rule text says : "Turn in one token and gain any one token (EXCLUDING WILDLIFE)".

The way it is written, it could be interpreted that the exclusion only applies to the last part of the sentence, thereby allowing to exchange a wildlife token into any other token. You may argue that there is no interest in exchanging a joker token into something else, but note that Canteen activation is forbidden for Wildlife. So what if a Player would have no alternative to activate a much needed canteen but to exchange a wildlife into water and use that water to activate the canteen ? Since that would cost an action to the Player, and they would actually sacrifice a "joker" token to make it work, why would that be forbidden ?

Maybe other cases can be thought of, I am not sufficiently experienced to tell...

Hak
Each hiker can only buy a single gear card.
EDIT - removed as I quote the Base game rules and not Nightfall - see "Lewis Karl" below
[q="Pegli"]The rulebook says:
It doesn't matter if your front Hiker is on the Trail End or not, so you don't have to wonder if the Trail End is part of the trail or not (a different question)
The rules as written imply you cannot exchange wildlife
Edit; My apologies! I mishead the original question!
The camera allows you to take a picture at the end of the trail, in addition to the action for whichever end space you choose. This is the same as in the multiplayer game.
RULES STATE:

Place the remaining Advanced Sites facedown to the left of the Trailhead.

If playing a 4–5 player game, add the Site (4+ in the bottom right) to the Basic Sites—if not, return it to the box.

- Pick up all the Trail Sites except for TRAIL START and TRAIL END , and add an additional Advanced Site.
- Shuffle them and create the new Trail for the next Season, which is now one Site longer than the last Season.

-- end


So after the first season, pick up the trail tiles and add one from the advanced pile. Shuffle those tiles together and then place them one at a time on the trail. (The tiles being used for the new seasons trail NOT the advanced pile).

Honestly I don't think it matters, as long as you are not using the +4 tile in a 3 or less player game. You just basically add 1 advanced tile to the current trail each season. shuffle those tiles and then create the new trail.
Looks like they changed the lodge
Here's a better pic...

https://i1.wp.com/nerdsonearth.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/0...

It says number of specific resources on completed parks and take a number of resources. What does that and take mean?
You are playing correctly, the rangers only move up a space if it lands on a space where one of your hikers already resides. Think of the flavor being the ranger plans on setting up where your hiker is only to discover it is occupied and keeps moving forward.
I wouldn’t play with #1. There are too many times where working towards buying a specific park extends through two seasons. Taking that away for a random draw would be unfortunate.

#2 I feel like should have been in the rules. There is too much gear that isn’t useful for a variety of strategies.
Correct!
Ignore this post and go to the official clarification using the link that Carl Lewis provides below.
If the second Ranger lands on the same Trail End space as the first they both end up occupying that same space and no additional actions are carried out. (I.e., what you have noted as option 1.)

For your second question, if one Ranger is at Trail End, then all remaining moves are carried out by the Ranger who is still on the trail.

Happy hiking!
It means you have to take that many pictures.
I have a question about this site.
Rulebook says:
Turn in a Water to copy the action from another Site occupied by a Hiker
SO if a site occupied by Hikers, I can't copy the action. right?
It sounds weird...
I interpret "down the trail" to mean "down the trail, not including the tile your hiker is one". So irrespective of whether my back hiker is on the trailhead tile or not, I move it to the next tile along with a ranger on it. The only instance that wouldn't entail moving my back hiker is if there are no rangers further down the trail.

Just my interpretation of the rule, anyway. Plus following the old solo board gaming adage: if in doubt about a rule, do the thing that hurts you most.
When buying gear via trail end or the correct trail location can you buy more than one piece of gear?
^^ Literally, add a water token ON each of the face up parks. They stay there until that park is visited/taken.
The supply. You used it to activate the canteen, you don't get it back.
Nothing in the rules against it, AFAIK.
Hello! I just check my game and I also have the 2 sunscreen cards, I took a photo of al the gear I have with the amounts of how many cards I have of each one. The version of my games is 1.1 so I don't know if something change between 1.0 and 1.1.
Thanks! Can’t believe I missed that. Glad we did that action correctly I don’t know what it is but for some reason the flow of this rule book just doesn’t work with my brain. I’m sure it’s just me. Awesome game
Yes, it's open to everyone, but the first person is the only one to get the bonus on the first and second trail end location.
Since the trail tiles are shuffled at the beginning of each round, unclaimed weather tokens go back to the supply at the end of the round.
Misunderstood then. Carry on.
I think I've already said why I ignore it. So if I want to reserve a park, I have to rush to the end before the ranger gets there? I don't have to do that in a human game. Being locked out of an action is just a bad idea to me.
I'm still not clear on the wording. In the rules, or above. However Keymaster games "Playing the other way would greatly increase Ranger movement making them unbearably quick down the trail." makes me think my scenarios 1B, 2A and 2C are correct.


I've played three solo games. Moving th eRangers two different ways. I bought it Sat. at B&N $33.99 with discounts. wohoo. I solo a lot of games. I like the mechanisms in this game and it encouraged me to get it. However some of my examples below could break the game experience. That's as clear as the formatting will allow short of a video.

I'd like to hear from Keymaster Games. Obviously anyone can chime in.

Ranger draws a 3 Sun movement point gear card in each below.

R = 'Lone' Ranger moving
H1 = Hiker 1
H2 = Hiker 2
E = Empty Space
> = Move to a space
0 thru 3 sun movement points


Scenario 1. One Hiker


A. I don't this is correct. Ranger should stop on empty space after Hiker 1 (?)

R > H1 > E > R

0 > 1 > 2 > 3 End Turn

OR

B. I think this is correct

R > H1 > R >

0 > 1 > 2 End Turn > 3 Can't use remaining movement point




Scenario 2. Two Hikers


A. I think this is correct

R > H1 > H2 > R

0 > 1 > 2 > Could be considered 2 or 3 End Turn


Different move


B. I think this is incorrect. Ranger should stop on empty space after Hiker 1 (?)

R > H1 > E > H2 > R

0 > 1 > 2 > 3 > Move Ahead End Turn


So I think this is correct (?)

C.


R > H1 > E, R > H2

0 > 1 > End Turn Can't use remaining movement points




Thanks!
Thanks everyone! That's what I thought. It felt like maybe reserved parks that I didn't end up visiting would be deducted from my final point total ... but I kept on reserving them because I wanted that first hiker marker! I ended up buying/visiting every park I reserved because I didn't want to win with a loophole. Good to know for future plays.
Yeah it's a rare situation #3 would happen. So the terminology is confusing to me. Let's try and think this thru. I'll email keymaster games anyway:

• For the Ranger's solo gameplay AI (general game terminology for Artificial Intelligence by which game designer programmed decisions are made so the human player doesn't make as many decisions as to what to do with their virtual opponent in this case two Rangers) apart from the Hiker's solo options:

• Whether the Take the First Player Token SLOT (is the term on pg 6 on the multiplayer rules* and my bold emphasis for clarity or otherwise in these rules)

• And the Reserve a Park SLOT in the top AREA (is the term on pg 6*)

• Are those two SLOTS in that AREA considered the same SPACE or two different ones in that AREA for the sake of the Solo rules only?

* pg 6 "When a Hiker arrives here, the player immediately relights their Campfire if it is extinguished, and then chooses one of the available AREAS for their Hiker—placing it vertically in the farthest right available SLOT of that area." (they don't use the term SPACE as in part of the solo rules below)

• Solo Trail End Ranger AI Rules pg 11 they term the Top, Middle and Bottom as SLOTS

"Rangers take unique actions at the Trail End. The three dark green SLOTS on the left side of the Trail End tile are reserved for Rangers. The cost of the Gear that landed the Ranger at Trail End determines which action SLOT it takes:

"TOP SLOT: Discard the left-most Park on the board. The Ranger moves right to the first player token SLOT and gains the first player token if you have not already claimed the SLOT for the Season. If you have, then the Ranger moves to the Reserve a Park AREA, (woah don't they mean SLOT?) making the action unavailable until the next Season.

• As you point out pg. 11 Solo: "If a second Ranger reaches the Trail End and would occupy the same SPACE (woah they haven't used that term yet) as the previous Ranger, nothing happens." So all of the sudden the rules use different terms.

• So in my visualization of the Solo End Trail Tile the dark green Top Middle Bottom SLOTS seem to be ROWS
• But also COLUMNS inside the AREAS or are they still SLOTS?
• But also SPACES?

• Note in the Solo Mode only there's a single Middle SLOT? AREA? SPACE? with no options ie. no reduced gear cost per the Multi player Trail End Tile

• And an obvious single Bottom SLOT? AREA? SPACE?

• Another thing to note is only one Ranger would remove a Park Card from the Top, Middle or Bottom SLOT which corresponds to the Left, Middle, Right Parks Card SLOTS

• So are there 4 SPACES er SLOTS not 3 for the Rangers to land on and block the Player's Hikers out of?

Ridiculous I had to try and think it thru like that. And just confused myself. But it is important.

What are your thoughts as I email them?
Would I still gain a Sun if I traded a resource for a Tree?
Hi Guys
Just wanted to clear a doubt that I have experienced from the last few gameplays.
Is there any limit of reserving parks??
The Rulebook doesn't mention it anywhere....so just wondering if you guys might know it.
This is exactly how you should not justify rule frameworks - by using fabricated „real world examples”. Game rules base on logic within assumed model. That model does not reflect real world.

Because I can say: „when one of your tires blows up, the car stops moving”. The car doesn’t stop moving again when the second tire blows up.

Anyway, just wanted to double check the rule.
Here are the rules on that subject:
3. In a solo game, your opponent pieces are now known as “Rangers” and not “Hikers”. Thus, if I land on the trail site that provides the action, “Turn in a Water to copy the action from another Site occupied by a Hiker”, am I allowed to copy an action occupied by a “Ranger” (even though it’s technically a “Hiker” in a multi-player game)? Or, am I only allowed to copy the action of my other “Hiker”…on a trail site that it is currently on?
I believe anyone is free to houserule any board game they own as they see fit. Go crazy with the modifications if it makes you happier to play your game your way with people who are as happy to play that way.

Having said that, denying your opponents any points using any legal move a perfectly legitimate game strategy, esp if winning is the aim of the game. If winning isn't the aim, then it shouldn't matter anyhow.

Points denied = points gained / saved. Cool or not cool has nothing to do with it.
Where is it written in the manual that you only can use wildlifes for Parks and photos? I cant find that particular section.
Yes, the tiles get shuffled and come out in different rounds. So you'll have more or less opportunities to buy parks. That being said, I don't know if that translates into more points as you still have to get the required resources to visit the parks. And since you can only have (12 I think) resources, you can't really stock up and then visit a bunch of parks in the last few rounds.

I'm less familiar with solo play but we play this quite often. The scores aren't usually drastically different. So I think the game of obtaining resources, buying gear to make park visits less expensive, etc... is at least somewhat balanced. And yes, just the luck of the tiles, how they are arranged, and what parks are available to visit must have some effect on what you are able to score.
And once the Lookout advanced trail site is in the game, each of your Hikers can stop there to visit a park, and if the river advanced trail site is also out, and the Lookout is occupied, you could copy the Lookout action and visit yet more parks!
You would take the picture first if you somehow had that ability...then you would discard extra tokens.
Leave it there.
We've always refreshed the parks when playing 2P, but put them off to the side, so that if you were working towards them, they remain available. We like to get more options moving, like we're on a road trip.

The gear refresh was actually added to the rules with the Wildlife expansion - the Bison refreshes 1 or all gear when it moves back to the 1st position.
I'm often confused by games where tokens quantities are defined to be limited, yet the quantities are so high that they're extremely unlikely to run out.

Has anyone ever seen a Parks game where a token type (besides Wildlife) came close to running out? Does that really happen?

If making resources exhaustible has a positive impact on gameplay in some way (a la Puerto Rico), then why not reduce the supply to make things more interesting? And if it doesn't, then why not just call them unlimited so I don't have to ask all the questions below? Thus is my confusion.

So here's what I'm wondering, if a resource exhaustion scenario ever did come to pass.

1. The rulebook implies I cannot visit the Ocean if there is only 1 Water left in the supply, correct?

2. I assume you can visit a Trail Site as long as you can perform the basic action, even if the Season effects can't be carried out?

3. Suppose you have the red Water Filter and there are only 2 Water left in the supply. There are plenty of Mountains. So you are legally able to visit the Mountain trail site. Now can you apply the Water Filter to take 2 Water instead, even though you're supposed to get 3?

4. What if there aren't enough tokens to put all the Weather tokens out?

5. Here's a situation that might come up if you were *trying* to make a certain token type run out. In a 2-for-2 trade, are you allowed to trade Wildlife away? It's ambiguous how much of the text the phrase "(EXCLUDING WILDLIFE)" is meant to modify.
I was trying to look at this from a different angle, but you guys confirmed what I said in game.... which means I win, thanks!!’
Whoever was first last round. They would keep it since no one took it away. Same with the camera.
Thanks all!
In the couple of 2 player games I have played, this is how we mostly used it. You see what the other player(s) are working towards and deny them... unless the next park revealed works for them.
Yes, whenever you have the camera, you only have to pay one resource to take a photo.
Page 7 of the rulebook says you gain an extra 2 or 3 points, depending on how well you accomplished your goals. Note the heavy emphasis on the word, "or". So it's not both.
Only until the front ranger is at the head of the line. Then the back ranger will move. Also, once the front ranger hits the end of the trail, the back ranger will be the only one that can move.
The ranger would move to the next site beyond your current placement (emphasis added):
The rules explicitly state that you CAN use the resource on a park to visit that park. Page 8:
The rules don't say that you start with a clean slate. So no.
This looks pretty straightforward to me.
It means both
1. You MUST take the action when you visit a site
2. You NEED TO BE ABLE to take the action when you visit a site (which is a direct and obvious consequence of 1).
When a player visits a park, it gets moved to the player's tableau and it's slot gets refilled with a new card from the deck.
When a ranger closes a park, it's discarded but not replaced. Once the season has ended the empty slots get refilled with cards from the deck.

So a ranger can never close a park that you visited since it will already have been moved to your tableau.
Thanks. Also, when you purchase a gear card, I'm assuming you are choosing from those laid out on the board that are being used to move the Rangers? And do these cards stay on the board from season to season?
Hi Adam,
Thanks for your quick reaction !

I was still browsing looking for clues, and can only find this the Canteen rules, p3:
"Canteens cannot be filled with Water that was not gained on that turn."

Maybe exchanging at the Lodge doesn't count as "gained"....

For what it's worth, the BoardgameArena rules state :
"Wildlife tokens, like their name implies, are "wild" and can be used in place of another token.
Except for filling a Canteen and 1-to-1 token exchange Canteen effect."

Let's see if a definitive quote can arise...
I mix all parks together, come to think of it the only deck that I don’t just mix in is the new year (end of game scoring) cards as the new deck (from Nightfall) is specifically to replace the base set.

When it comes to most games I try and look at the rules to see if a deck (or pool of resources) has to be capped at a certain count. If the rules don’t say, then the intent is for them to all be mixed, unless the game has a varying setup rule that can override it. For example the Legendary deck building games all have schemes that might say only have x-number of cards for a specific deck.

There is a second reason I keep all the parks mixed together. It’s because separating out cards by set takes time, and I don’t want to have that much maintenance on suck an easy to setup game. Or I’m lazy not sure which
Are photos considered ‘tokens’ for this purpose? All other tokens are explicitly called tokens (e.g., water token) in the rules. Photos are simply called photos.
Just wanted to hop in to say that this is correct! It is the action of placing the water into the canteen that triggers the ability of the canteen.
If you look in the rulebook under the "Game Components" section, you'll see Forest, Mountain, Sunshine, Water and Wildlife denoted as tokens, where there is not that designation for Photos.
In other words "I'm not allowed to do this. Anymore." (smile...)
I don’t know if any exceptions to the rule that you can only purchase one gear card per action, so I don’t believe you can “drill down” into a pile to purchase multiples.

But certainly, you can purchase a gear card on one turn, and then later on purchase the now-revealed card that was under it!
I played this at PAX and I think the rules are clear. That said, we were definitely suspicious of some of the rules. Turn order is clockwise (as opposed to the piece in the back moving), which allows the last player to really stay far behind the others. Likewise, the last Hiker is moved to the trail end when by itself, not when that player has both Hikers behind everyone else.

The end result was a very balanced game (the winner won on a tie-breaker), but it was frustrating watching that player collect all the resources after we were done. We kept thinking we must be doing something wrong, but I don't think we were.
I'm curious how many people you're playing with that has you running out of tokens.
This would make the canteen that allows you to reserve a park very good, as you're normally limited in the number of times you can visit a park.
yeah that's what I mentioned above. it's now an official rule. they didn't give me credit. so I guess it was their idea all along(?) lol
I would say no. You will not be in possession of that bonus resource until after you visit the park. You need to use what you already have on hand to meet the requirements for visiting the park.
Is it possible to use both of your hikers to reserve a park (or buy gear) when they reach the end of the trail? The rulebook states that "any number of other players may still Reserve Parks" (or "any number of other players may buy Gear") after the first player placed a hiker there, so I wonder if you're allowed to use both hikers for the same action.
It's clear as written. There comes a time when writing rules that you have to decide where to draw the line on clarifications and explaining everything to minute detail. As it is, it tells you exactly what you need to know. For some, that additional information may be confusing. For others, they may still not get it. As written, it's just fine for the vast majority of people playing the game.
Yes you can use that water to visit the park...
Thanks for chiming in here Dan! This is correct.
yeah in the original kickstarter/barnes & noble box (same thing) v1.0 game the tiles have names on them so the "Lookout" Advanced tile you can
a. Visit or Reserve a park just like you would at the Trail End tile or b. buy Gear instead just like you would at the Trail End tile.

In the v1.1 box and rules they don't use words they use icons but it's the same tile

Note also I'd recommend playing with that "Lookout" special tile in the first season (round) of every game. that was my houserule. now coincidentally or not it's an official rule in Wildlife expansion:

"When setting up the Trail for the first Season, and the P A R K / G E A R Advanced Site (aka Lookout). In Parks: Wildlife, this site is always used as the Advanced Trail Site for Season 1 and on."

It primes the pump as I would say. it gets the parks reserved (maybe visited) or gear into the game earlier. if it's the first tile on the trail though I'd houserule reshuffle them since you could only reserve a park and that's not really quite as interesting with only one decision imho
Is the second printing English rulebook online somewhere?
I noticed some other discrepancies between the German and English rules.
Visiting a park always needs you to take the "visit a park" action either at the end of trail or on the advanced card. Reserved or not doesn't matter.
Unfortunately, no. You may buy a photo once, at the end of the round when all hikers are at the trail end (if you are still in possession of the camera).
The way I imagine it, is you're carrying a burning campfire with you on your hike and you extinguish it if you meet up with another hiker.

Your campfire relights if your hiking partner finishes their hike before you do.
1) Tent gear card: “Spend your campfire to have your hiker revisit their current site.” Does this mean that when it is your turn, you can extinguish your campfire and your hiker can stay at the same trail site?where he/she is currently located and again do the action at that site?

2) Could there be a situation preventing your hiker from moving to another trail site (other than the Trail End)? If so, are you then forced to move to the Trail End?

3) Resource tokens on Parks are not removed at the end of a season, but resource tokens on trail sites are removed at the end of a season. Correct?

4) Can a wildlife token be used instead of a water token at the River site?
Thanks.
Hi Chris. You've got it right. Enjoy the trail!
You can substitute sunshine for trees as often as you like (when visiting parks).
Rain Gear lets me use water in place of trees when visiting parks
Compass lets me pay 2 less waters when visiting parks.

Imagine a park with the following requirements: 3 trees and 1 water.

With these 2 gear cards can I spend 2 water to visit? Or do I need 3 water?
Try searching this forum, a lot has been said about this in threads you can easily find. In those threads, some people provide mitigation strategies and/or explain why they feel it isn’t a problem.
PARKS rulebook
I believe that it is in addition to the normal trail site action.
You have to choose.
thanks!
Also note that you can use the campfire to land on your other hiking piece (not just other players).
Finally got a copy of Parks for Christmas and I love it already!! Beautiful game.

One quick question regarding gear:

If one gear says "pay 1-less water token" and another gear says "pay 2-less water tokens" do I now have the ability to pay 3-less water tokens? I assumed that was the case since more gear means more tools/ability but I wanted to double check.
Season of Splendor puts a sun on each Park card. In a solo game if a Ranger discards a Park with a sun on it do they put it on the Tracker or discard it to the supply? Thanks in advance.
The lock out only happens if you already have a hiker on the first player spot at the end of the trail. So you've already reserved a park that season. Wanting to reserve another park seems like a really bad tactic. You either want to be visiting parks or buying gear allowing you to more easily visit parks in the coming seasons.
(For reference I'd rather lose the first player token than having to lose out on an end of trail action to reserve a park.)
Unsurprised.
When one of these events causes you to move your hiker to a new site on the trail, do you collect the basic tokens pictured on that site? For example, if High Winds moves me to the closest Ranger who is occupying the Ocean, do I gain the two water tokens pictured there as if I moved my hiker there myself?
No, you may continue taking turns with your active hikers until you have only one left on the trail.
Not that poorly.
I get what you meant.
Hey all! Quick question. I just read thru the rules and maybe I missed it? But what if no one takes the ‘Reserve a Park’ action at the trail end, so no one “takes” the first player Market. Does the person who had the 1st player marker keep it for the next season? Or does it get passed to the next player automatically?

Thanks! Excited to give this one a go (especially since we just got back from a hike and I’m still in my hiking gear...)
There's no ambiguity here. The rules say clearly: "When the Hiker lands on the new Site, the player performs the Site’s action."
But I understand that the second version might be better suited for some groups.
I assume the Ranger skips to e, but damn that's a lot of movement (up to 5 spaces, if they were 3 spaces away initially)...
Your turn ends when you are ready for the next player to take a turn. So, before the next player goes, you must discard any extra tokens.
How Can then water is in the canteen at the end of the seasons when i Must use it when im filling?
There are several cards like this but the “year of peaks” card for example: It basically says if you visited parks with X number of peaks you get y number of points. But it also says “take” number. Seems to be saying take a number of tokens. What does this mean? Don’t the year cards only trigger at end of game? So tokens would be pointless at end of game right?
Unless you play with a house rule where you get negative points for reserved parks
I agreed with the first part of your post, but I don't agree to call some strategy "hate-drafting" and considering it invalid or rude.

Making myself 2 points or denying you 2 points is exactly the same to me. Even when teaching a game to newbies, I explain strategies to them even if those hurt me, and I would happily say "you can choose to make this move, and that will screw my strategy".

As I said, denying points to someone else is part of any strategy in a competitive game. When someone does that to me, I just laugh and congratulate him for being smart and being aware of what I'm doing.
thanks, I did like this as well but just wanted to confirm that
According to the rulebook, if the supply is out of photo tokens, then technically, as worded, you wouldn't be able to visit the Vista site. But I think common sense would have to come into play, so that you would instead just be unable to take the Photos/Camera action at the Vista site. As such, I would also rule it - at my table - that the camera holder can't take a photo at the end of the round.

From the FAQ in the rear of the rulebook:

"WHAT HAPPENS IF WE RUN OUT OF TOKENS? If
there is no longer a type of token in the supply, then
the Site the token is linked to cannot be visited as its
action cannot be taken."
The water bottle gear cards allow you to fill your canteen for free. My wife and I are disagreeing as to how to interpret this. Does this mean when you visit the location on the gear card, you may take a water token out of your supply to fill your canteen? (And get it's benefit). Or do you just get the benefit of the canteen for free without having to use a water token to fill it?
Here's the way I interpret the solo gear card rules and play it. The solo rules don't say that you can look thru the gear cards in the three slots. The rules note no exception. Following that logic the gear card rule of only being able to consider and buy the top most card in each slot is no different than the multiplayer rules. Which is to say you can't look at the entire gear card stack. That sounds kind a harsh the way I wrote it lol but that sounds correct.

My one houserule I use is to replace the Parks card that the first ranger would remove at the trail end. Those rules as written (RAW) aren't fun and there's nice artwork let's see it.
Correct, I admitted to this, and even went as far as to say we injected tension into the game that flat out doesn't exist due to our failure to fully grasp the reality of the last hiker rules until the final season.
The rules say that you should add the waterfall tile to the trail tile stack when playing with 4 or 5 players. The next step says to add an advanced tile to the initial stack. Does this mean there should be a total of seven sites (5 basic + waterfall+ another advanced) in the first season's trail?
It seems like the 12 token limit is pretty high if you can only Visit one at a time.
An important distinction between resources that are on Parks from season effects versus benefits gained as a result of instant actions AFTER visiting that Park.
Yes. Thanks for the clarification! By "always", I meant it's in effect (at the end of your turn) for the entire game, as opposed to only when certain things happen.

I'll correct my post.

Thanks again.
we played Parks for the first time tonight and I thought it was pretty fun, but the Photos seemed somewhat disappointing and I'm wondering if that's just how they are or we had some kind of bad luck or if I missed something with them.

It seemed that despite the fact that there are lots of different images on the photos there's no difference between them and they're all just things that are worth 1 point? There's no kind of interesting set collection thing or something else like that going on there? The closest I saw was a year card saying "get four photos" but that didn't seem to specify that they should all be a specific type. It seemed like a missed trick in this game, if there isn't anything like that for them.

Am I missing something here?
If at the beginning of your turn you have the Tent Gear card and your Campfire is lit, you can choose not to move either Hiker but instead extinguish your Campfire and take the action of the Trail Site where one of your Hikers is.
(This is regardless of whether or not other Hikers are at that Site.)
Definitely not an official rule.
And in case it comes up in your group: The token may even be used immediately toward the Park or in a Canteen (pg8).
2. You only get the 1 Sunshine Discount to Buy Gear at the Trail End not the Lookout because the Lookout tile does not show the Sunshine discount icons. I base this on the rulebook pg 6 At the Trail End Buy Gear: "In a game of 3 or fewer players, the first Hiker to BUY GEAR, places their Hiker on the [Sunshine icon] slot without 4+ on it—this gives them a 1 Sunshine discount on their Gear purchase. After this, any number of other players may buy Gear, but do not receive the discount. In games with 4+ players, the slot farthest right is also available, so the first two Hikers to choose this option each re-ceive a 1 [Sunshine icon] discount on their Gear card."
Yes. The only rule is you don't add resurces to newly revealed parks.
I would say you CAN use wildlife to satisfy the River requirement, since it is not specifically called out in the exception rule that only mentions filling canteens and buying gear.
Hikers can never go backwards on the trail. Hikers remain where they are placed after moving.

The campfire does not allow or require any odd movement situations like you describe. It's strictly a cost you have to pay if you want to be on the same space as another hiker. So when you move, you must choose an empty trail site or, if you have a fire to exhaust, you can choose an occupied site and exhaust your campfire. When one of your hikers reaches the end of the trail, you can refresh your campfire.
More extremely, with this interpretation, if you had both of these the Compasses, then you could only ever visit parks that required three water and a sunshine
There is no rule to rotate the first player marker. It only moves when someone takes it.
https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/2283759/article/33035350#33...
Thanks for your help!
I would play it as though the ranger still gets to do their trail-end action (including discarding a park card), despite one of your hikers already being there. Rangers have a dedicated slot on the trail-end, which always allow them to discard a park (as well as an additional action e.g., shuffling gear cards back, taking the camera from hikers). In a 2 player game the second player would still get their trail-end action even if you were already there, so think of the rangers as the second player.

The only exception is if both your hikers get to trail-end first - in that case, both rangers are pulled to trail-end without getting to take an action, and season end occurs. This bit is stated in the solo rules.
Love this game!

Question - during solo play, if I arrive at Trail End twice with my Hikers, and I own the camera, can I buy a picture each time for one token? Think I can but just checking.
Pete, it seems that you don't have the latest version of the rules.

The latest version (AFAIK) is v1.1, and is available in the files library. But unfortunately, so is the original version, as a separate file. (Whomever uploaded the new version should've placed it in the same page as the older version, so it would show as being the newer version). Thus there are two different rulebook download pages.. be sure to use the correct one!

Also, it'd be nice if there's a list of changes between the versions... is anyone aware of such a list?
But do you pick from the remaining advanced tiles randomly each new season? Or are they randomized only once at the beginning, and then added one at a time each new season from a predetermined stack?

This is our issue. She says once. I say every time (every new season).

I had her set up the trails each turn. We played a 5 player game. She set up for a 4 player game, so as such, 1 tile never got into the game.
@Next Game Please

According to the solo rules in version 1.1 of the rulebook, when a ranger arrives at Trail End using a three-cost Gear card, it occupies the bottom slot. In addition to discarding the rightmost Park card in slot 3, the rules also state, "shuffle all 3-cost Gear on the board back into the Gear deck".

This tells me that all Gear cards remain in their respective slots after they are drawn for ranger movement.

What the rules don't state is which Gear cards are available to me if I decide to purchase one: all of them, or just the topmost Gear cards in each slot.
Ranger movement in the rulebook is described as follows:
"If a Hiker is ahead of both Rangers on the Trail, move the Front Ranger - the one furthest down the Trail."

I may be missing something from the rules, but doesn't this mean that the Front Ranger will always move, leaving the Back Ranger (the 2nd Ranger) always at the Trail Head?
First, note that the rules here say that you may do this a second time. I take this to mean that it is valid to complete only a single exchange.

Page 8 - Common Questions
The rulebook has the answer, though it's in the FAQ section and not actually part of the rules where, IMHO, it should be.

From page 8:

"When a player Visits or Reserves
a Park with a token on top, the player also gains
the token."
4) When a player buys a gear card, do you draw another gear card to replace it, like you do when you visit a park?
What happens in this situation? Can the player take his own sweet time with both hikers covering all the remaining trail sites before ending in the Trail End?
It’s the same site as, with no worries about campfires. I’m pretty sure if you search these forums you’ll find it answered that way.
I have played some games placing the tile from the first round and afterwards, I will play placing the tile the last round, just to see how this thing can affect.
Anyway, I’m having fun! I’ve to say that the first game, i was disappointed, but now, the more I play it, the more I like it. It’s a great game.
And yesss, I think taking photos can be a good strategy to replace the lack of “visit parks” tile.
Can a ranger be considered a hiker? For instance, am I allowed to copy the action of another site occupied by a Ranger? or must it specifically involve my other hiker?

Thank you
Most definitely, it is subject to the restriction? Or Most definitely, I am allowed to make that trade?

Edit: Thanks for the clarification!
Let's take a look at what the rulebook says, page 7:

"Once a player’s two Hikers reach Trail End they will no longer
take turns for the Season. When only one Hiker is left on the Trail,
the player must move the Hiker to Trail End and choose an action
there. This marks the end of the Season..."

Thus when there is only one Hiker remaining on the trail (on any of the Trail Site tiles prior to the Trail End tile), that Hiker is moved directly to the Trail End, and that Hiker's player then takes a Trail End action. The season ends at that point.

IOW... when all players except for one have both of their hikers at the Trail End, then you evaluate:
- Does the one player who still has a Hiker on the trail have BOTH of his hikers on the trail? If so, then that player gets to play both of his hikers normally until he brings one of them into the Trail End. Then:

- Does the one player who still has a Hiker on the trail have only one of his hikers on the trail? If so, then he MUST move that last hiker directly to the Trail End, and then take a Trail End action as normal. Once the action is complete, then the season ends.

Hope that helps!
Have you tried contacting the publisher directly with this question yet?
Would you count Rain Gear or Sunscreen as a modification to your visited parks for scoring the Year of Plenty personal bonus (have 12/18 of one type of token across visited parks)?
Correct. When you fill it with water, you immediately get the bonus.

You can choose not to fill the canteen, if it is of no benefit.

If you already have 12 tokens, the water you just picked up takes you over 12, so you are going to have to give away the number of tokens that you acquired in this turn, whether you fill a canteen or not. Unless you have canteen(s) that do not generate tokens for each water you have just acquired but gives you another benefit. Use them instead.

The advantage of a canteen when you already have 12 tokens is that you can either perform these canteen actions that do not generate tokens, or you can use the canteen to generate more of a particular token that you need, and discarding those you do not need to bring you back to 12.
That's the way I would think it would be, but those Season cards don't say "After," or "When," or any timing words, or even make it optional with "May," so a strict interpretation could be made that the first time on a turn that you gain a resource, in this case a Mountain, you also gain a Water at the same time. Therefore "gain Mountain" becomes "gain Mountain + Water," which I'm not allowed to do with Lodge if I turned in Water.

I still agree with the rest of you, but since I could argue it either way, I figured checking would be a good idea.
What does it means: when you visit the river?
I don't see that as "hate-drafting" that's "game-winning". "Congratulations; well-played; close game; another?"
No. Page 8 notes that tokens are
HOW DOES THE LODGE WORK? At the Lodge, you turn in any two tokens to gain any other two—excluding Wildlife. Neither of the tokens you gain can match the ones you turned in. You may even gain two of the same type of token, as long as the ones you turned in do not match it.
Yes, multiple hikers can occupy the spaces at trail end. However, the two top sections are subdivided and those mini-spots can only be occupied by one hiker.

In the top Reserve a Park spot, the first hiker there gets the First Player token in order to start the next round. In the middle section -- the Backpack spot -- the first hiker (and second hiker, in a 4-player game) occupies the spot which gives them a one-sun-token discount on a Backpack card.
Rulebook Page 8
You go through four seasons in a game, and only have one season card per season (+ you a tile to the path). And a season end when all hikers are at the trail end, while you move one hiker a turn.

If the tile with the park action is in play, you could potentially do 4 park actions (each of the two hikers on the tile and at the trail end)

Correct

I find trails to be different enough, mainly the artwork is similar.

Wildlife is easier to add to the game I think, but Nightlife changes the game more. And I like the animal cards and they fit in my view, but I can see others feeling they're disjointed.

And the limit of 12 is in the overview of icons, hidden on the bottom of the page, if I remember correctly.
I recently played a round of Parks with my wife and realized that, with a couple of the advanced tiles on the board, one could essentially rack up resources and land on the advanced tile to purchase a park in perpetuity (or at least until resources run out). If one person put their two hikers at the end of the trail the other person could do this and easily win the game, but it feels like a slog to play long enough to empty all resources with only two players. Am I missing something in the rules? Again, this is only a factor later in the seasons with the advanced tiles (particularly the one that lets you go to a park and the other that lets you copy that move).
Season effects are just once per turn.

Page 8 - “You do not gain an additional water from the season effect since it is one water per turn.”

Happy hiking!
There is no chaining of visits. When you visit one, then you can visit another one and that's it.

If later on the same turn you visit a third park because an instant action on a park you just visited, then you can visit another one again.
Interesting question!

I would play it with a limit of two Parks total (i.e., the Park Pass allows a single additional Park visit before concluding your turn). That’s just my interpretation though, I certainly see how you could read it differently.

As you note, it won’t be very often that you have the right resources available, but I could see a circumstance where three Parks worth two points each could very well be purchased in a single turn if the Park Pass were interpreted that way.
Hi

One thing I could not really find in the rule booklet.

On the vista you can get the camera and a foto for 2 resources.
Can you take a foto for 1 resource, if you visit the vista having the camera later? Is this also possible, if you copy the vista action (by visiting the river).

Or is it only possible to shot a foto for 1 resource at the end of the season, having the camera and through certain gear cards?

In the rules there is only mentioned, that you can do it for 2 resources and you get the camera, not what happens if you have it already.

Best Regards
Christof
They aren't using the wild token to trigger the canteen, they are using it in place of a tree after the canteen was triggered. I would say you could, but agree with Dave that I have never seen this card in the base game. If it is in the expansion, maybe the expansion rules clarify?
As Mike and MJ have said, “Buy Gear” and “Visit a Park” at the Trail End do not in include the word, "may". If you go there, you must pay resources.

The literal meaning of the rule forces you do something else. In such a light, friendly game I suspect that blocking spaces was not considered a reasonable tactic.

If you lack resources when you reach the Trail End, you will need to Reserve a Park.
yup
I have a question regarding this as well. This is what is stated in the rulebook regarding the copy action:
"CAN VISITING *the copy an action for one water* ACTIVATE GEAR THAT SPECIFIES A SITE?
No. This allows you to copy the action of another Site, but it doesn’t count as visiting the copied Site directly. However, tokens gained here
can still benefit from Season effects."

Is the camera counted as 'Gear'? And isn't visiting de Site of the camera needed to get the camera? Since this is what the rulebook says on this topic:
"When choosing the *take a photo* Trail site action, return any two tokens of your choice to the supply and take a Photo. Photos are worth 1 POINT each. After taking a photo there, gain the Camera from whoever currently has it."
All parks mixed.
Thanks for this. It's very concise and helps me to understand it.
But wild token can be used instead of a tree always. The only limitations of a wild token is for filling canteens and for trading tokens (there's a no wild icon printed to clarify this last one).
Great, thanks.

That's also how we interpreted it. I just wasn't sure if "instead of" was inferred but not written out on the card, to avoid the card having two lines of text. But logically they would have explicitly stated "instead of" if that's what they meant.

Thanks again.
Welcome and enjoy the ride!
Yes, but you move to a trail site, then do the action, where with parks you buy the part first. I disagree.
...Campsites require a tent in order to use and the River indicates you're copying the site action. So no, you cannot copy the campsite.
You are correct, I read that backward. It's been a while since my last play so I went to the rulebook to refresh my memory and then got it wrong anyway. Sigh.
Remember that it's only for the square brown icon. If something needs, for example, two water, you can't use a wildlife to pay for both (you need one for each).
I was thinking the same. Thank you.
Thanks for that clear and concise post ! I was looking for a clarification of the rules regarding the ranger tracker event cards. I found no information about when to discard a card and replace it with a new one. I was guessing either once the effect has been triggered or at the season's change so thanks for the help on this
I did read this as a quote of the rule ook/reference sheet of nightfall. But I forgot to mention that.
As suggested by Donny already, the Rain Gear/Sunscreen do not permanently change the Parks they are used on. At game end you are counting the actual symbols present on visited Parks to determine Year bonuses. (i.e., in your example of using 18 sun, you would actually be counting 10 sun and 8 trees when considering Year of Plenty).

Happy hiking!
This probably warrants developer input, but my interpretation is that they complete the active event card first, draw a new one, and add the token to it.
I can totally see that this is a great way to increase tactical gameplay (by triggering season effects), however thematically it still feels weird to me that you can trade the same for the same. It feels like cheating (although it's not).
If a season of Rain or Splendor ends and there are still tokens left on Park cards on the board, should those tokens be removed (because the season has ended) or do they carry over into the next season?
...but the counterpoint is that it is still a token you are “carrying” with you,...
Agreed! They look so similar! Thanks to both of you as I was totally confused.
The rules mention this '2 for 2' twice and both times says "Turn in 2 tokens". Since there is no "up to" or "1 or 2" in there we assumed 2 was a requirement.
Quite. And to block another player from scoring too.
There are two back rangers, so you just move one of them.
I think it is to reduce down to four resources total. You can pick which four resources you keep.
When you gain any number of mountains, gain one water. So if you get 17 mountains in a single turn, you get one water. Yes, it works for trades, etc.
If I have one hiker on the visit park action and the two rangers make it to the trail end what happens? Doni only get one trail end action from my hiker who made it? Or can the hiker who is forced to end still get a action?
Photo tokens are not intended to be limited in supply! If you happen to run out (which would be difficult but possible), you can use any sort of suitable replacement to keep track of your photos.
That and it can be really hard to get a grizzly bear to pee in a canteen.
There's no kind of interesting set collection thing or something else like that going on there?
Yes, that is correct.
Until an official response is available, here's a description of the 2nd printing changes.
Solo game:
1) Is this correct? …a ranger would not get the water tokens from the action at the Ocean site or the sunshine tokens from the action at the Valley site if he/she landed at these sites. However if actual sunshine or water tokens had been placed on any Trail site including these two, the ranger would get those tokens if he/she landed there, but would not get any other tokens, such as mountain or forest tokens placed on any site.
In the section entitled Common Questions the rulebook states:

"How do Sunscreen or Rain Gear Work? These cards allow you to visit a Park using a different type of token in place of another. When visiting a Park this ability applies to the token symbols shown on the Park card (and not to the discounts from other gear)"

The part that is unclear (in my opinion) is the last line in parentheses: "and not to discounts from other gear."

Which gear discounts is this Line referring to?

I believe there are only three types of cards that give discounts on parks: Compass, Trail Map, and Journal. This "common question" makes clear that Rain Gear and Sunscreen apply only to the printed cost. However what is unclear is whether the other discount cards apply only to the printed cost or the actual paid cost. Depending on how you interpret the other discount cards I see three possible solutions but I'm not sure which is correct.

1) Sunscreen and Rain Gear CANNOT be used with any of the other discount cards.

2) Sunscreen and Rain Gear CANNOT be used with Journal but CAN be used with Compass and Trail Map.

3) Sunscreen and Rain Gear CANNOT be used with Compass and Trail Map but CAN be used with Journal.

So what do you think? Which interpretation is correct?
Wasn't sure if resources could be gained if just reserved or had to be visited.
When you get a Park action, you choose from the following: reserve a park, visit a park on the board, or visit a reserved park. So if you've reserved one you can visit that or one from the available offer of parks.
does. So it might have some "meat on the bones" after all.
Never feel bad for exploiting a great combo that nobody else chased!
Or discarded by a ranger
The rule does seem excessive in that the Rangers are already eliminating Parks choices. It is entirely possible that you might only have one Park to choose from with Visit a Park action and two possible Gear cards if the Rangers ended up on the first and third action which shuffles the three sun actions into the deck. In an extreme case you might not even have had any two-sun Gear cards come out so there would be only one gear card to buy.

While it hasn't happened to me, I wouldn't call this a knife edge case at all. Seems like it would happen one-ninth of the times your first hiker takes the first action, your second hiker finishes last, and you do not have the right mix of resources.
If you run out of resources and you have no options to buy gear or visit a park, you are really required to do an action even if it is free like reserving a park. Anyway, reserving a park doesn't affect your gameplay or result.
Great point and we missed that on initial plays now that I look at the rules. The water is returned to “the supply”, loosely referenced in the early part of the rules as the bins with the resources (this is “the supply”). But the rules also talk about how the players have “their supply”, so this is what we were returning the water to without much thought (i.e., at the end of each season we put the water from our own canteens into our own supply thinking the reference to supply meant our own not “the supply) since we didn’t catch the “their” vs “the” distinction at that point in the rules! I’m now firmly in the “doesn’t count toward the 12” with that technicality and revelation! Thanks!
Had a season card " Add Sun token to the three current Parks", and I have two questions.

1. Will I get the resource if I just reserve the park? Or I won't get the resource till I visit the park? I am assuming I'll get the resource once I reserve it.

2. Once I reserve the Park, and new Park card is filled in, will the new Park card gets the resource token as well? I am assuming yes, since it's the season effect.
Why “not for the extra one”? It is also a visited park.
For me, only one.
Can anyone explain what the event action "discard down to 4(which is in a box)"requires the player to do?
Barry, It was precisely this reading that led us to conclude that the last ‘player’ could continue moving as long as he had both ‘hikers’ on the track. I simply wanted confirmation of that point - so I didn’t take your answer as in any way “snarky.”
As you probably know, this is to prevent players from "blocking" a space (forcing someone else to use their campfire to share the spot, while not gaining any benefit of their own). There are three tiles where it's relevant: Wildlife, Lodge, and River. The first two require you to have a resource (or two) to turn in and the River requires that you have a water to turn in. You cannot go on these spaces if you cannot perform their action.

As to your questions about resource limits, the book is clear that resources in excess of 12 are discarded at the end of your turn. The "cannot carry more than 12" could be clearer. Since the second sentence is there, it's reasonable to assume you can go over 12 temporarily and, if you can somehow spend them before the end if your turn, you don't have to discard down.
Hi! I've got some questions about the solo rules that need to be answered.

1. Do the rangers perform actions on the sites? If so, how do they manage to perform actions other than gaining resources?

2. Do the rangers use canteens or have year cards?

3. Do the rangers reserve parks, visit parks or buy gears?

Thanks very much!
There is no rule that says you cannot have more than 12 tokens, you simply discard down to it at the end of the turn.

Edit:
If the season card indicates that you gain water when you gain ,say, a mountain, do you gain water if you are trading in a different resource for a mountain resource? What happens if you trade two resources for two mountains? One or two water?

We’ve been playing that you gain ONE water for any mountain gained during that turn, whether it’s gained by landing on the mountain card, filling a canteen, or swapping resources. If multiple mountains were gained in one turn, we still only take one water.
Hi,

As the title suggests really and my apologies if this has been asked already but I couldn't find it.

The rules don't say that you can Visit more than one park when ending on the "Visit a Park" space at the end of the trail but it seems like some of the Year cards would be pretty hard to complete (like visiting 8 parks with X values) if you can only Visit a single park on a turn.

I get that you can't Reserve more than 1 but if you are in a position where you can Visit a new park from the 3 face up cards and also complete a previously Reserved park then can you complete 2 (or more?) in that single turn?

It seems like the 12 token limit is pretty high if you can only Visit one at a time.

Cheers!
It costs 1 token. You get this discount for taking pictures as long as you have the camera when you begin to take an action.
In the base game, the cards for Parks, Gear, Canteen and Seasons are all placed on the board (see "SETUP" on ages 3 and 4).

The only exception is, "Return any unused Year cards facedown to the box"; presumably, this is to avoid inadvertent revelation of an objective that is not in play

Have fun,
Steve
So the end of my turn is right after i take resources, before there is nothing else to do in this game.
The other thing is to take a picture, but then you are not taking a resource.
2) If i reserve a park and in the end i can't pay for it, what happens then? Are we just throwing the card away?
There is no ambiguity, because if it's occupied by hikers, then it's also occupied by a hiker.
When buying Gear at Trail End during a solo game, can I purchase any Gear in any slot, or am I limited to the top Gear card in each slot?
Can I delay the movement of my other hiker? What I mean is I'll only use one hiker until it reaches the end trail and then use the other hiker after it.
A couple of the season cards give a Sun or Water when you gain 'any' of another tile (I don't have the card in front of me for reference). Last night we played, and in the last season had the season card that gave 1 water when any forest token is gained.

We may have used that in a very broken way, and would love some clarification.

The way we played that season, any instance you gained 'any' forest, you also gained a water. So at the Forest tile, we obviously gained a water. We also had forest canteen which gave us more water along with the forest, which could be used to fill more canteens.

Here is where we may have broken/misused the Season card. The rules for the symbol on the Lodge and one of the canteens say "Turn in 2 tokens and gain any other 2 tokens." (excluding wildlife). We read the word "any" on the season card to mean the effect is for each token gained. We would turn in two non forest tokens, gain two forests and get two waters from the season effect. We managed to not run out of water that round, as people spent it pretty fast.


So the question came out for the word 'any' on the season card, do you gain just one water for every action that yields multiple forest (Lodge, canteen), or were we playing correctly to give water for each forest.


Sorry this post got long, I am very detail oriented.
I feel like a lot of people are missing my point entirely. I'm talking about Player 1 NOT needing the park at the end but taking it just to deny it from Player 2. If there are 3 parks out at the end of the round, and player 1 can't get it and fulfill it, but they can see the resources that Player 2 has and then specifically takes the only park in the display that Player 2 can take, that's mean. I'm not talking about each player racing to get a certain park because it benefits them. I'm talking taking the park SPECIFICALLY to hurt the other player with ZERO benefit to themselves.
Yes. The definition of that action is to "turn in X to gain X, excluding wildlife", so you are in fact "gaining" a tree and can use that to activate Season of Growth.
EDIT - clarifying text added in bold, following Claudio's comment below.
Gaining the First player marker requires actually placing your hiker on the "First Player" portion of the "Reserve a Park" action space at the Trail End. Note that gaining First Player is not an action, nor is it part of the "Reserve Park" action. It's simply a benefit of being the first Hiker to physically reach that space.

Reference: Rulebook, page 6: "The first player to place their Hiker here also gains the First Hiker Marker as a benefit."
(underline emphasis is mine)
Not sure but I thought the Personal Bonus Cards only came into play at the end of the game. The Year of Perks says take 3 tokens if you visited 6 mountains, does this take effect during the game when you acquire the 6th mountain. If that is true do you get another 5 tokens when you acquire your 10th mountain.

Thank you for your help.
I don’t understand question #2... why would there be weather tokens on a Parks card?
Hi James,
yes, you may reserve the top card from the (face down) deck.
Have fun,
Steve

Relevant Rule: "AT THE TRAIL END > RESERVE A PARK > To Reserve a Park, choose one of the three available Parks on the board or draw the card on top of the Parks deck... [Page 6 PARKS RULEBOOK; Version 1.1]
...until someone takes the camera from you. Then it will cost you 2 tokens for your first picture and 1 thereafter - until someone takes the camera from you. Repeat.

We explain it to new players in the following way:
* It costs you one token to take the camera from another player. You must take a picture immediately.
* If you have the camera you may take a picture when you have a hiker on the Vista Basic Site Tile, at the end of each year, and (providing you have a Gear Wide Angle Lens card) at the Basic Site Tile specified by your Gear card.
* it costs 1 token to take each picture.

Just building on Adams correct explanation.
Hope this helps,
The only tokens that are actually on the trail tiles are the weather tokens. The other icons are the actions you get for stopping in that tile.
I didn't think so but as a new player I just wanted to double check.
Thank you.
DOES THE LODGE COUNT TOWARD SEASON EFFECTS?
Sorry if this has been answered here before, but I couldn't find an answer in the rulebook or by searching the forums.

If there is a token on a Park card (that was placed there by a Season card), if I reserve that Park card, do I get to take/use the token immediately, or do I have to wait until I actually visit the Park?

Maybe I'm overthinking and/or overlooking?

Thanks in advance!

EDIT: NEVER MIND, I JUST FOUND IT IN THE COMMON QUESTIONS SECTION
Yes, yes, and yes it is a great game. Get both expansions, too.
I decided to try my first game of solo tonight and I really like the simple mechanics and events of the Rangers. I have a question about the end of a round.

One of my Hikers was first to reach the trail end so I took my desired action. The 2 rangers made it to the trail end before my last hiker so I immediately moved to the trail end. My question is; the rules state all remaining hikers move to the trail end and whether you have 1 or 2 hikers remaining, you get one trail end action before completing the season. So does that mean I don’t get another one because I took one before? Just confused if you are only limited to 1 action if you have 2 on the trail when the rangers reach the trail end.

Thanks!
Thanx for the reply (when I emailed KMG I figured you'd be away for the holidays). That last inquiry was the main one for me. So the Ranger's aren't as evil as I think they are sometimes lol The line in the rulebook that's funny is "...they skip to the next Site as they don’t want to disturb your enjoyment of the Trail." The first couple times I played the solo rules I thought man these guys are tough. I do like the solo rules and glad they're included and that KMG went the extra yard to include the Event deck to accomodate that. It's like every game should have solo rules and maybe AI deck so many request it these days. But then again we houserule variant on BGG a lot.
- Suppose the Ranger lands on your Hiker on space 3.
- You move the Ranger on the next one (Space 4).
- But your other Hiker is there.

Do you move the Ranger again to space 5 or he stay on space 4?
At the end of the season, does the water in your canteen go to "your" supply to be used next season? Or back to "the" supply meaning lost to the general supply tray?
1. The First Hiker is per season and counts as a victory point at the end of the game.
2. Yes, one player can end up with both their hikers on the trail while other players watch. Once one hiker gets tot eh trail end, the other hiker is automatically moved to the trails end (the player still gets to choose where they end up).
3. No, but they are emptied/lost at the end of each season.
4. No
5. No- there is no subtraction of points (unless you make it a house rule) for reserved parks.

Try playing with the expansion, it does add more variety.

This is a beautiful fun game and I highly recommend it!
That all sounds legit!

The rules don't restrict when you can fill a Canteen (i.e., take its action), other than that it must be filled with a water "gained that turn".

The FAQ on page 8 of the rulebook ("When can I fill a Canteen?") supports this notion when it says, "in any order you prefer".
Thanks for the answers!
But why does the rulebook say "every OTHER player?" Or am I reading too much into it?
When do you replace gear on the board? Potential answers

1. Replace on board immediately after a purchase (like visiting/reserving park)
2. Replace at the end of the season
3. Something else (please specify)


I've read over the rules a couple times, and don't see anything specific (hopeful that I'm not missing something obvious).
Does this mean if all other hikers are done, and you have 2 left on the trail, you can continue to make moves until you’re forced to move one to the end. Then the other one to the end on your next (last) move?
When my wife and I played games (including PARKS), we very definitely still took aggressive moves against each other. We didn't view it as "mean," it's just playing the game.

Edit:
In addition, the threat of the park I want possibly being taken before I get there is going to change how I play the game. If I know that my opponent won't take that from me because that would be mean, then I'm going to take my time along the trail doing other things to earn more points along the way before I go to the end to visit that park. But if I know my opponent might reserve it out from under me, I may skip other things to get there first. So, reserving a park to deny your opponent may have even more impact than just the points on the park card.

That said, when the two of you are playing together, use whatever agreements makes you enjoy the game the most. Just don't expect other people you may play with to have the same thoughts on whether that's mean.
There is no limit to either.
No, you don’t replace them (except in the solo game).

EDIT: You refill Parks that were taken by the Ranger in the solo game, you don’t actually replace the cards.
Well, to empathize with you a little, I'll be pedantic (which is my natural disposition) and say that it's not technically in the "rulebook" portion of what we call the rulebook! (How's that for splitting hairs, huh)?

In my assessment, the "rulebook" for the multiplayer game ends on page seven. The excerpt I quoted above is from page eight, which essentially serves as the publisher's official FAQ. And this is the only quibble I have with the rulebook... I don't understand why all the new rules they present on page eight as "Common Questions" (such as the rule about filling a Water Bottle) weren't included in the core rules to begin with. The water bottle rule should've been included in the section about Canteens.
That’s what I assume also. In fact, I don’t think it’s an assumption as the rule you quote tells you that the ranger skips next when it ends on a hiker. It’s just that you apply it twice in this case.
Thanks, that was my feeling as well. It's actually what I did in the video. But I may be interpreting it based on other games I know.
It is. However, at that point you'd already used the card's action. Had you been able to keep on using the action in an infinite loop, the card would explicitly have said so.
Page 4.
Yes; the rules confirm what you've quoted from BGA. Version 1.1 of the rulebook says, in the "Wildlife" section on Page 4, that "Wildlife cannot be used to fill a Canteen or traded in / gained as part of the [1:1x2 action] Site or Canteen."
The rulebook would expressly say you may do something more than once if you were allowed to do it more than once. It says "may take a park card" and "may take a [icon for photo]". The use of "a" in each indicates singular. So each may be done once. This is the case in both solo and multiplayer versions of the game.
How do you gain gear? Is it only whatever is faceup in the slots?
Thanks Lewis,
that's embarrassing, the link is to a thread when the designer corrects my error! Seems like I've relapsed into an incorrect interpretation.

I'll strike through my post above.
Thanks,
Steve
Can I replace only one forest with sunshine or more than one on the same park? It seems unclear.
Yes. "Sun can be used in place of mountain on PARKS" means that you may treat each mountain symbol as a sun when visiting parks, such as the Mount Rainier National Park; there is no limit to how many suns you can use in this way when visiting a park.

(Aside: I have the right number of 36 Gear cards in my deck and the only Sunscreen card I have has a different conversion, "(Sun can be used in place of trees on parks)". Is the card you are using from an expansion, or do you know if the cards changed in a reprint?)

Have fun,
Steve

[EDIT strikethrough for incorrect statement (see below). I now see what the background colours of the Gear cards indicate: pastel red for mountain effects, green for trees, blue for water, yellow for sunshine, grey for miscellaneous.]
Played a 4-player game of Parks last night and was able to get the park pass gear card as well as 2 compass gear cards (giving me discounts for visiting parks).

The "Park Pass" card states: When you visit a park, you may visit another one.

My compass cards gave me a 2 water discount and a 1 sun + 1 water discount.

My question is, when visiting 2 parks using the park pass card, do I apply the full discount of my 2 compass cards to both of the park cards I visited?

I was able to dominate the game with this combo buying multiple park cards multiple times per round at steep discounts.
When I play solo, I've played it to mean that even if I have 2 hikers still out on the trail, I only get to take one trail-end action. In scenarios such as yours, where one of my hikers has already reached trail end (and taken a trail-end action), I still get to take a trail-end action for my lagging hiker when both Rangers exit the trail.

Another way of looking at the rule: don't let both Rangers finish the trail while you still have two hikers out on the trail. The penalty is that you'll be limited to a single trail-end action.
Rulebook specifically says "After taking the action, the next player clockwise takes a turn."
Lodge site does not allow me to gain the same token I turned in.

Which is right? OR which is lastest version of Parks rulebook?

Thank you
This is indeed the only possible situation to do it.
Hi guys. Could you tell me how many tourist can visit one track tile, I mean, two od more?
I'm playing my first solo game and came up with 2 questions with the active Event "Move the active ranger to the site before the Trail End".

1. If the active ranger activates this card while it's already on the site before the Trail End, it doesn't move, does it?

2. If a Hiker is on the site before the Trail End when this event is triggered, does the active Ranger still move to that site as well (ignoring the rules that they cannot land on this spot at this time) or does it land there and then move 1 space forward as per the movement rules for the Ranger (moving to the Trail End)?

3. This event is triggered with 3 Sun tokens. According to the rules I first activate the event (moving the Ranger to the site before Trail End), then draw a new event and then remove the 3 Sun tokens. But the site where the Ranger lands has a Sun token. What happens with that token? If the Ranger picks it up, it cannot be placed on the Ranger tracker when the event is being triggered. Do I leave it on the site, remove it from game, or place it on the tracker after removing the other tokens first?


edit: a new question popped up:
I've got the Season of Rain season card, so all Parks have 1 water token on top of them. If a Ranger now lands at Trail End and removes a Park, does it gain the water token from that Park?
That's an interesting answer in relation to balancing, are sun and water really? more readily available than trees and mountains, considering other effects, gear cards, instant action benefits (lightning symbols), and the cost of Parks (are there more sun/water based parks?).

I think it's not that easy when taking all mentioned factors in consideration

PS: With the expansion (I don't have it yet!) - is it true, that a wild counts for two other resources? Maybe that was the intention, or "fix" behind this?
You are correct, the last hiker "problem" exists throughout the game, not only in the final season. I admit we played a different game from the one described in the Parks manual because we felt some artificial pressure to keep up with each other that was entirely self imposed. This dynamic was tense and fun and until the final round we thought the time pressure was real. It was not. There was a sad moment in the final season where my wife plopped her hiker on the tile just before the trail end and it dawned on her that there was absolutely no reason to be in a rush with her other hiker.

As for your comments about other points of tension, my impression is ultimately they are not enough. The more parks you visit, the more points you gain, so naturally you need more resources. There is very little incentive to skip ahead much and in fact the better strategy is probably to try and lag behind. I don't know any of this for a fact, we'll have to try the game again with the correct last hiker rule in mind.

To pull hikers along, perhaps a different trail end tile, with more enticing rewards, would be helpful when playing with 2 players.
Rulebook v 1.1 pg 3 (my bold) "Note: The Trailhead is not the 1st Trail Site. The one after is considered the 1st Trail Site." Henry can verify but I play the event card that you do "move your back hiker to the closest ranger down trail"

As Designer Henry stated The Trail End is part of the trail (it has actions)
The ebb/flow is for you to gather resources by going to a spot and optionally filling a canteen, and then trading those resources at a parks spot for VP. The economy of that trade is sun/water = 1VP and mountain/forest = 2VP. Gear, typically, reduces that cost (the economy of which is based on the sun cost of the gear). Canteens allow you (typically) to upgrade a token (water = 1 mountain is typical).

In addition at certain spots and at the end of the season you can trade any resource for 1VP if you have the camera. Taking the camera costs 2VP. Some gear gives more opportunities to use a camera. It has a poorer economy but you aren't caught specifically matching any particular resource to collect.
I haven't waded through the forums to confirm, but based on the word "instead" you would have to choose. Look at it this way:

You go to the Forest, which would normally grant a Tree, and you use the Water Filter to take 3 Water instead. That effect is done and there is now no Tree to use for the Sleeping Bag. The Forest only grants one Tree so you can only use it to trigger one "take X instead of a Tree" effect.

To bring it down to a simpler example, if you only had the Water Filter and you went to the Forest you could either get the Tree or the 3 Water - you would not get both. By extension, you can get either the 3 Water (Water Filter) or 3 Sun (Sleeping Bag) instead of the Tree, but not both.
The second park is also a park you visit.
The final round of our 2 player games will always be driven by the way this rule works, which as I mentioned, I find annoying and frankly a little jarring based on how the rest of the game played out.
Yes, but you must be able to carry out the entire effect on each one, i.e. if one lets you convert a water to mountain, and you have two of that gear, then you need 2 waters to get 2 mountains. i.e. you cannot convert 1 water into 2 mountains.
"We have a house rule that the gear is refreshed at the end of each season. We find that sometimes it sits stagnant for the whole game otherwise. "

Totally understandable however, we like the cat & mouse style of waiting to see who is going to by gear first. We stock up resources and have a friendly battle royal for the camera then, swipe a gear card. We have been planning which gear card to get, and hoping the other player(s) don't go for it before you. That's the time when the hikers get real; Game On! If they were refreshed as mentioned, it would change the methodology for game play slightly. I wouldn't say better or worse just different style!
Precisely. But not both. One of your hikers already reached the end, you did the relight, so that condition has been already exhausted. It’s just wrong usage of “one of” in terms of rule framework, even though, when approached from casual standpoint, could be sometimes interpreted differently (and coincidentally, correctly).
Yeah I think they should just flat out have said or illustrated the correct ruling. And most importantly used consistent terminology. "Area" and "Slot" or "Space" (which is said once).

I just now remembered the Top Slot has been discussed before in the thread below. Keymaster Games gave no definitive answer imho of whether that Top Slot (which is called an Area with Slots on pg 6) is divided into two separate Actions that the Rangers can take meaning one can take one action then the other can take the other action if hiker's are not in either one is what's at issue. It can affect the game. And now I see I went thru an elaborate interrogation of the rules terminology they didn't respond to when I emailed them Nov 16, 2019 to revisit that thread to no avail:

Subject: Solo: Prevented from Trail End action

https://www.boardgamegeek.com/article/33390815#33390815

One thing we know is that a second ranger going to the Top Slot/Area/Space if another ranger is already there is that there will be no Parks card to remove from the left slot on the board because the first ranger already removed it with that part of the Top Slot action.

I play it as two separate slots are two separate "Spaces" in the Top Slot because they're two different actions. The rangers can never reserve a park when they get the first player token or vice versa like the multiplayer game will. but they can block you out of both actions and the slot says "Rangers • Closed" but are they exclusive when two rangers are there? I play it as the Two Slots in the Top SLot or is it an area per pg 6 are two separate "spaces" er Slots per pg 6

In 25 solo games I've never had that happen though. I usually go for the first player token since it can affect your ability to go after the trail resources you're going after. And 1 VP at the end of the game is nice to have.

On another note a Cover to a book or booklet is always "page 1". They made it page "zero" in effect. the first page you open up to is always page 2 they made it page 1. Look at a Fantasy Flight Games rulebook to see a proper rulebook. Well except for the light weight typography that's difficult to read in some of them lol



EDIT: I emailed Keymaster Games today for an official answer. Here's part of it. I'll see if they respond.


The Terminology should be "Ranger Actions" for the Ranger's green box action iconography, not Slots.
The Terminology should be "Top, Middle and Bottom Action Areas” not Slots or just Areas in the multiplayer rules.
The Terminology should be the "Top Action Area is divided into two Action Slots: The First Player Token Action and Reserve a Park Action" (since they are two separate actions)
Never use the term “Space”
And use those terms in the multiplayer game.


Or now that I post that here on BGG, I think the terminology could be:

White boxes are Action Spaces (maybe Action Boxes but not Slots or Areas)
Any icons within those boxes separated by a Vertical line is an Action Slot
You're confusing turn with season.
No, when you go camping (use the tent) you forgo the trail site action.
[q="kjkelley"]Maybe this is the bigger unanswered question?

If you have the 1st Player token and nobody makes a reservation play in the next season… do you keep using the token, until somebody takes it from you? Or does it automatically rotate?
If a ranger draws a gear card with more sunshine icons than are needed to move to the Trail End and he is the ranger that is supposed to move, he moves to the Trail end anyway. Correct? Example: Ranger draws a gear card with three stars, but he is on the trail tile which is next to the Trail End.
Thanks.
I made the same point in another thread, as a possible argument, although I admitted I don't know what the design intent is. But the argument goes like this: It could be what you are paying for with season of chance is you are paying for an ability rather than park costs. You pay one of each resource to gain the abiility of visiting a park without needing to pay the park costs, whatever they are. So gear that lowers the park cost doesn't really come into play because season of chance allows you to bypass the park cost. However, since the cost on season of chance is not a park cost, but an ability cost, then gear that subtracts from park costs do not apply to the costs for Seasons of Chance.
Can you use your campfire twice in one season? For example, your lead hiker wants to stop on an already occupied spot, extinguishing the campfire. That lead hiker then reaches the end of the trail, relighting it. Does this mean the lagging hiker can now go to an occupied space?
Well, I got all my answers.
For who might has the same questions, here're the answers:
1. You can reserve or visit a park.
2. You can use wildlife to replace the specific type of token.
3. No, you just get the camera. And if you has the camera, you can use any token when you take a photo, no matter what it's shown.(like a forest for a photo, in this case you can use any token to the photo.)
4. You can choose one site where the tents are at, and perform the action. If it's a trail site, you can still collect the weather token.
Thanks for confirming!

Yesterday in our 3 player game, we run out of photos tiles (2 crazy photographers in the game haha)... I used other meeples as photo tiles, so good to see it was the good approach
Turn order is always clockwise from the player with the first player token. The first player to reserve a park on the Trail End also claims the first player token. Regardless of who claims it, turn order will be clockwise from the person who holds it.

This information is on pages 6 and 7 of the print rule book.
Thank you for the official reply. We played our first game last night and this was the only rules question that came up.

(P.S. Love the game!)
At trail end, you either buy gear or reserve a park. The 3rd option, to visit a park, is it the same action or is it a second action?
If it is one out of 3, you can visit max of 8 parks in a game which makes the bonusses on the end game cards very low (3points when you visit 7parks with water for example)
Also, the visit park area had a different color than the other 2 options. So to me it made sense that you choose from the 2 options and that visiting a park is an optional extra action.
Also on one of the sites, it says that you can visit as many parks as you want. So can I buy 2 at once?
Who can clarify?
Am NOT trying to be snarky with my reply... but I write in that tone, so please excuse...

Regarding the clarity of the rule, note that the game is very careful to distinguish between "players" and "Hikers". Thus given the way the rule is written:
"When only one Hiker is left on the
Trail, the player must move the Hiker to
the Trail End and choose an action there."

I see the clarity coming from the rulebook's use of the term, "Hiker" (i.e, the meeple), in the above excerpt.
It doesn't say when the last "player" is left on the trail. (That's the part that I don't mean to be snarky)
.
The penalty for Reserving a Park is that it may give other players an opportunity to Visit a Park that you were not expecting. I've only played a couple times and exactly this happened to me!
In the base game, when you buy a gear card you draw a new one to replace it.
Yes you can use the sunshine on the parks card to visit the park imho. In a similar fashion to the FAQ page "CAN I USE WEATHER [sunshine or water tokens] TOWARDS A TRAIL SITE’S ACTION? Yes. Weather tokens on a Site are collected immediately, so they can be used towards the Trail Site’s action, such as the River or Lodge."
I would say not. You make a valid exchange using the lodge. The season effect doesn't trigger until after the exchange and as such isn't restrictive to the tokens you can turn in.
You only have to fill the canteen immediately when you gain the water (or wild, though this seems wasteful as wilds are so useful otherwise). You can use it any time between there and the end of the Season. It does not have to be used immediately.
As a rule of thumb, on every space you land, you must take its action.
Sounds like you answered your own question. Gear cards still give rewards whether you activate trail or use the camp. The weather token (e.g., water or sun) is not gained when you camp.
They shoud have added some end game Bonuses for player who has full canteen at the end of the game.
When at the river trail site, if a hiker has already visited a park at the trail end, can I spend a water to have my hiker copy the action of the hiker that already visited a park?

So to be concise can a action be copied from the trail end?
Not really, but I'll add most games have worker spots act as a tradeoff between collecting resources (cubes) and turning in those cubes for points. Newer ones will add an engine building component where some cubes can be turned into more powerful actions during the game. The last three worker placement games I've played have worked exactly this way:
What if you have one hiker and one ranger reach trail end and then your remaining hiker makes it to the end before the remaining ranger, does the second hiker also get to perform an action or is the limit just one action no matter how many of your hikers make it to trail end?
If Emilio is talking about Park cards and has the house rule that everybody has to agree to wipe them, then that should remove planning frustration...a player who is eyeing a park could just disagree to wiping the cards.

But this does sound more like the sort of Gear card strategy that some people prefer, for sure.
You take a water token from the GAME supply and use that to fill your Canteen!

Reference: Rulebook, page 8:
"HOW DOES FILLING A CANTEEN FOR FREE
WORK WITH THE WATER BOTTLE? When you visit
the Site mentioned, you may take a [water token]
from the supply for free and place it into a Canteen
to activate it".

Good stuff, right!
Just played Parks for the first time and enjoyed it but had a question...

Some year bonus cards require a number of a type of resource on completed parks (ex. Scuba Year). Do these also give bonus resources when completing them? They seem the easiest to complete and giving bonus resources seems inconsistent. I can't find anywhere that addresses the wording on those particular cards. Thanks in advance!
, 1 resource.
There is no permanent Front Ranger/Back Ranger

If they're both on the same space you can move either of them, they then become the Front Ranger

If the Back Ranger passes the Front Ranger they immediately become the Front Ranger
The question we have been going back and forth on is whether or not Science Badges count toward this discount?

Science - "This Badge counts as a Leaf type, an Acorn type, and a Rock type. It counts toward all earned Collector Badges."
(But does it count only for Collector Badges?)

Say you want to earn the Leaf Research Badge, but you don't have any other Leaf badges, but you do have a Science Badge.

Do you get the 1 Leaf discount?

We're loving the game by the way
In multiplayer I assume that if someone buys a gear card you then replace it from the deck? I can't actually see anything about it in the rulebook.
I am wondering where people were putting the fourth park. There are only slots for three, and the fourth spot is for the deck.
Pretty sure a lack of resources doesn’t preclude you from going to whatever space you choose.
Hi everyone!

For the out-of-box solo variant if the ranger has the first player token do they go first at the start of the next season?
Wide Angle Lens reads "You may also <pay 2 resources to take a photo> at the <specific trail site>".

The "also" is somewhat ambiguous - does that mean I can optionally take a photo in addition to taking the normal trail site action and also gain the trail site's resource(s), or that I can optionally take a photo instead of taking the normal trail site action therefore I don't gain the trail site's resource(s) if I take a photo?

At first glance you could interpret the "also" to mean you can take both the photo action and the normal trail site action that turn, but alternately you could argue that the "also" means it is adding another possible action to that trail site but you still must choose only one of those actions (not both) for the turn (similar to the Vista trail site where you can draw a canteen card or take a photo but not both).

Thanks.
Every park you have which has the lighting bolt symbol on it will get you an extra point. Those parks are in the Nightfall expansion.
Just wanted to hop in and confirm that this is correct! Happy hiking!
Lovely. Thank you.
I think it means take photos.
Really appreciate all the nice reminders and answers. New to this community.

BTW, here's the link where I found the answer to my questions.
https://boardgamegeek.com/thread/2291252/gaining-tokens-park...
In solo mode, If ranger falls on your spot, he is required to move one ahead. But what if, that one ahead causes ranger to be at the trail head? Which slot does the Ranger take?
I'm pretty sure that they are removed as the various tiles are shuffled at that point.
I disagree. In this case, I think the OP needs to reserve a park. Neither “Buy Gear” nor “Visit a Park” in the rules use the word ‘may’ anywhere. They are pretty forceful that you do the action if you go on them.
Thanks again Adam! That clears up the issue. Sorry for the confusion re. purchasing multiple gear cards per action. I already understood that wasn’t possible. Only dawned on me the example was framed poorly when I resumed playing . So especially appreciate you clarifying the answers re. action phases.
Sure, but as soon as one of their hikers finishes, the other has to also finish on their next turn.
When using the sunscreen(sun can be used in place of mountain on parks) to buy the Parks card Mount Rainier National Park (3mountains)
Is it right to pay 3 suns instead of the 3 mountains?
I think you do move to parks. One of the primary goals of the game is to visit parks, not claim them.
Can we only use 1 wildlife to pay for 2 resources if the cost indicates a 2-brown icon?

How about 4-brown icon? can we pay 2 wildlife for this?
To clarify since the original reply has been deleted, the answer is A. When you gain a Water Bottle, immediately also gain the top Canteen card from the Canteen deck.
Rulebook, Page 7, End. of a Season:

"Pick up all the Trail Sites (except for Trailhead and Trail End), and add an additional Advanced Site. Shuffle them and create the new Trail for the next Season. The Trail should now be one site longer than the previous Season’s Trail." [Bold added]
1. Do you replace gear cards as they are taken?

2. Do you refresh gear cards at the end of a season?

Thanks
I agree. Keep something in the back of my mind the whole game and change my whole strategy around for 5 points? Nope. It just seems like a tacked on idea to me. They might as well not even be in the box in my opinion.
What exactly do you mean? So you only get one wild instead of the "normal" resources for every binocular? As i mentioned: doesn't seem to be well-balanced, because there are spaces with one resource and with two resources, you only get "one wild" and the binoculars cost always the same.
This is exactly how I would put it as well.
